hello fellow potheads i am posting to announce the upgrade of my market it should now be much easier to order from me is set in such a way that zero trust in the host is required from either myself or my customers all bitcoin addresses are provided by me directly via seemed wallet master public key and my pip public key is available for encrypting your address since the service allows for a master public key it means the bitcoins can not be hacked the moment you send them they are in my control off line and cold secure direct automated sales . hello fellow potheads i am posting to announce the upgrade of my market it should now be much easier to order from me is set in such a way that zero trust in the host is required from either myself or my customers all bitcoin addresses are provided by me directly via seemed wallet master public key and my pip public key is available for encrypting your address since the service allows for a master public key it means the bitcoins can not be hacked the moment you send them they are in my control off line and cold secure direct automated sales . hello fellow potheads i am posting to announce the upgrade of my market it should now be much easier to order from me is set in such a way that zero trust in the host is required from either myself or my customers all bitcoin addresses are provided by me directly via seemed wallet master public key and my pip public key is available for encrypting your address since the service allows for a master public key it means the bitcoins can not be hacked the moment you send them they are in my control off line and cold secure direct automated sales . hello fellow potheads i am posting to announce the upgrade of my market it should now be much easier to order from me is set in such a way that zero trust in the host is required from either myself or my customers all bitcoin addresses are provided by me directly via seemed wallet master public key and my pip public key is available for encrypting your address since the service allows for a master public key it means the bitcoins can not be hacked the moment you send them they are in my control off line and cold secure direct automated sales . skush is back in stock along with some other familiar strains jah god popcorn jah goo trim deadhead og nugs in and of quantities and some blue dream popcorn out my reputation here is much more history available on my shop . skush is back in stock along with some other familiar strains jah god popcorn jah goo trim deadhead og nugs in and of quantities and some blue dream popcorn out my reputation here is much more history available on my shop . skush is back in stock along with some other familiar strains jah god popcorn jah goo trim deadhead og nugs in and of quantities and some blue dream popcorn out my reputation here is much more history available on my shop . skush is back in stock along with some other familiar strains jah god popcorn jah goo trim deadhead og nugs in and of quantities and some blue dream popcorn out my reputation here is much more history available on my shop . n e seen da farmer latelty . n e seen da farmer latelty . n e seen da farmer latelty . n e seen da farmer latelty . 