hello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided . call me hunny . hello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided . quote from docmax on february pmhello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided that would be hard to do considering in the uk and ireland old mobile numbers are re sold there was a case a while back where some woman who died her grand kids put a mobile in the coffin and they sent a txt a few weeks later and got a reply saying its great up here etc of coarse the person sending the messages didnt realise that the messages they where getting where from a true person on the other end and kept on pranking away it went to court and was revealed unused numbers are sold onto other people . call me hunny . quote from docmax on february pmhello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided that would be hard to do considering in the uk and ireland old mobile numbers are re sold there was a case a while back where some woman who died her grand kids put a mobile in the coffin and they sent a txt a few weeks later and got a reply saying its great up here etc of coarse the person sending the messages didnt realise that the messages they where getting where from a true person on the other end and kept on pranking away it went to court and was revealed unused numbers are sold onto other people . hello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided . quote from docmax on february pmhello friends im hoping someone can provide me with an old anonymous uk mobile number thats no longer in service have a family issue im dealing with and need to provide a number that i was supposed calling in the past id be grateful for any help provided that would be hard to do considering in the uk and ireland old mobile numbers are re sold there was a case a while back where some woman who died her grand kids put a mobile in the coffin and they sent a txt a few weeks later and got a reply saying its great up here etc of coarse the person sending the messages didnt realise that the messages they where getting where from a true person on the other end and kept on pranking away it went to court and was revealed unused numbers are sold onto other people . call me hunny . quote from tang on february pm call me hunnymany thanks this helps so much you literally saved my ass . quote from tang on february pm call me hunnymany thanks this helps so much you literally saved my ass . quote from tang on february pm call me hunnymany thanks this helps so much you literally saved my ass . 