dont know why they cant just throw up another link or two the servers obviously still there i get the login page every so often they could even set it so you go to a back up link which can only access account options no access to the market but access to funds and the ability to finialize orders would be courteous in times like these . within the accounts of dnm it should be possible to generate custom single use curls to access the login page in case of ddos something like this to the regular url and to invalid custom urls is dismissed possibly through a proxy i think it causes less serve load to check urls than do deliver a whole page . agora really needs to get their shit together not because of customer service image reliabilty or trust weve passed those a long time ago but because common courtesy for dprs sake . dont know why they cant just throw up another link or two the servers obviously still there i get the login page every so often they could even set it so you go to a back up link which can only access account options no access to the market but access to funds and the ability to finialize orders would be courteous in times like these . my wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her . agora really needs to get their shit together not because of customer service image reliabilty or trust weve passed those a long time ago but because common courtesy for dprs sake . my wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her . my wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her . dont know why they cant just throw up another link or two the servers obviously still there i get the login page every so often they could even set it so you go to a back up link which can only access account options no access to the market but access to funds and the ability to finialize orders would be courteous in times like these . agora really needs to get their shit together not because of customer service image reliabilty or trust weve passed those a long time ago but because common courtesy for dprs sake . within the accounts of dnm it should be possible to generate custom single use curls to access the login page in case of ddos something like this to the regular url and to invalid custom urls is dismissed possibly through a proxy i think it causes less serve load to check urls than do deliver a whole page . within the accounts of dnm it should be possible to generate custom single use curls to access the login page in case of ddos something like this to the regular url and to invalid custom urls is dismissed possibly through a proxy i think it causes less serve load to check urls than do deliver a whole page . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions the problem is not really how to fail quickly if attacked gets request to your server but how to prevent bogus requests to reach your service in in land this is pretty difficult but with tor built in feature that hides who is behind things its even trickier . it things were that easy then we wouldnt have so many markets with problems coping with do attacks and general overload . i kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions . i kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions . it things were that easy then we wouldnt have so many markets with problems coping with do attacks and general overload . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions the problem is not really how to fail quickly if attacked gets request to your server but how to prevent bogus requests to reach your service in in land this is pretty difficult but with tor built in feature that hides who is behind things its even trickier . i kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions . it things were that easy then we wouldnt have so many markets with problems coping with do attacks and general overload . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions the problem is not really how to fail quickly if attacked gets request to your server but how to prevent bogus requests to reach your service in in land this is pretty difficult but with tor built in feature that hides who is behind things its even trickier . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions me too i assume its not that easy even though that yahoo in charge of nucleus seemed to whip them up pretty fast if it were easy and reliable agora wouldve done it by now amorite oops nvm i just saw barryzubs reply sorry my man . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions me too i assume its not that easy even though that yahoo in charge of nucleus seemed to whip them up pretty fast if it were easy and reliable agora wouldve done it by now amorite oops nvm i just saw barryzubs reply sorry my man . quote from biochem on march pmi kinda assumed it wont be this easy but why to be honest from someone who has yrs of experience i expect a few explantions me too i assume its not that easy even though that yahoo in charge of nucleus seemed to whip them up pretty fast if it were easy and reliable agora wouldve done it by now amorite oops nvm i just saw barryzubs reply sorry my man . quote from evilgrin on march army wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her you do or you dont or you will or you wontchago agoratown and eat it like a vulcha . quote from evilgrin on march army wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her you do or you dont or you will or you wontchago agoratown and eat it like a vulcha . quote from evilgrin on march army wife always bitches about how i never go agra on her you do or you dont or you will or you wontchago agoratown and eat it like a vulcha . delete . anybody heard of this market was it a joke . delete . anybody heard of this market was it a joke . anybody heard of this market was it a joke . delete . anybody heard of this market was it a joke . whether intended or not any market that uses the silk road brand is a joke . this the link . quoted cant tell if trolling or not i cant tell if trolling or not . quoted cant tell if trolling or not i cant tell if trolling or not . quote from biochem on april amthis the link link does not work looks like this site was short lived . this the link . whether intended or not any market that uses the silk road brand is a joke . your telling me agra uses godaddy like seriously i cant tell if trolling or not . quoted cant tell if trolling or not i cant tell if trolling or not . your telling me agra uses godaddy like seriously i cant tell if trolling or not . your telling me agra uses godaddy like seriously i cant tell if trolling or not . quote from biochem on april amthis the link link does not work looks like this site was short lived . whether intended or not any market that uses the silk road brand is a joke . quote from biochem on april amthis the link link does not work looks like this site was short lived . this the link . this the link . whether intended or not any market that uses the silk road brand is a joke . quote from biochem on april amthis the link link does not work looks like this site was short lived . hahafuck yeah sr infinite v mulsti sigdecentralized via meshnet fa security with revolving mixer type wallet wallet address change every hour invite only with market referal system where refs pay off market and sales commisions to the buyers frequent buyer miles earn per tx mod admind by zeus bot the evolution of dnms too bad i cant get in does anyone have a ref code . hahafuck yeah sr infinite v mulsti sigdecentralized via meshnet fa security with revolving mixer type wallet wallet address change every hour invite only with market referal system where refs pay off market and sales commisions to the buyers frequent buyer miles earn per tx mod admind by zeus bot the evolution of dnms too bad i cant get in does anyone have a ref code . hahafuck yeah sr infinite v mulsti sigdecentralized via meshnet fa security with revolving mixer type wallet wallet address change every hour invite only with market referal system where refs pay off market and sales commisions to the buyers frequent buyer miles earn per tx mod admind by zeus bot the evolution of dnms too bad i cant get in does anyone have a ref code . hahafuck yeah sr infinite v mulsti sigdecentralized via meshnet fa security with revolving mixer type wallet wallet address change every hour invite only with market referal system where refs pay off market and sales commisions to the buyers frequent buyer miles earn per tx mod admind by zeus bot the evolution of dnms too bad i cant get in does anyone have a ref code . quote from biochem on april pmgodaddy went down hours ago agora went down hours ago im not the only one being able to draw the conclusion otherwise in expect job offerings for the position of an analyst in my email account by next week biochem torbox riot who onion see agency information below nice opsec faggot given that agora goes down multiply times a day deciding to pay someone for such type of analysis could only be made based on a pretty bad pretty bad analysis by itself sorry mate . quote from biochem on april pmgodaddy went down hours ago agora went down hours ago im not the only one being able to draw the conclusion otherwise in expect job offerings for the position of an analyst in my email account by next week biochem torbox riot who onion see agency information below nice opsec faggot given that agora goes down multiply times a day deciding to pay someone for such type of analysis could only be made based on a pretty bad pretty bad analysis by itself sorry mate . quote from biochem on april pmgodaddy went down hours ago agora went down hours ago im not the only one being able to draw the conclusion otherwise in expect job offerings for the position of an analyst in my email account by next week biochem torbox riot who onion see agency information below nice opsec faggot given that agora goes down multiply times a day deciding to pay someone for such type of analysis could only be made based on a pretty bad pretty bad analysis by itself sorry mate . its different this time deposits and withdrawals are suspended for the moment i think agora was under attack and i dont mean dos agra stated that the member database and btcs are safe which reminds me of when someone hacked bmr does anyone remember when bmr was hit and backopy replaced all lost btc from his own funds i dont think any market had such respect for its vendors and buyers as bmr but agra imo is on the same level as bmr . its different this time deposits and withdrawals are suspended for the moment i think agora was under attack and i dont mean dos agra stated that the member database and btcs are safe which reminds me of when someone hacked bmr does anyone remember when bmr was hit and backopy replaced all lost btc from his own funds i dont think any market had such respect for its vendors and buyers as bmr but agra imo is on the same level as bmr . its different this time deposits and withdrawals are suspended for the moment i think agora was under attack and i dont mean dos agra stated that the member database and btcs are safe which reminds me of when someone hacked bmr does anyone remember when bmr was hit and backopy replaced all lost btc from his own funds i dont think any market had such respect for its vendors and buyers as bmr but agra imo is on the same level as bmr . we remember the small bmr hack the attacker figured out a glitch in their bitcoin system to multiply designated wallet amounts or something and rascally withdrawing money that didn exist from the mixing pot backopy held true to his word and replaced every single satoshi within a month or so we lost a coin or two from the hack and were paid back as promised we also did not grab our vendor bond back in hope that backopy would return in the future we hope backopy is using the donation for good and living it up somewhere safe back when the darknet wasnt known by just any average joe those were the good ol days . we remember the small bmr hack the attacker figured out a glitch in their bitcoin system to multiply designated wallet amounts or something and rascally withdrawing money that didn exist from the mixing pot backopy held true to his word and replaced every single satoshi within a month or so we lost a coin or two from the hack and were paid back as promised we also did not grab our vendor bond back in hope that backopy would return in the future we hope backopy is using the donation for good and living it up somewhere safe back when the darknet wasnt known by just any average joe those were the good ol days . we remember the small bmr hack the attacker figured out a glitch in their bitcoin system to multiply designated wallet amounts or something and rascally withdrawing money that didn exist from the mixing pot backopy held true to his word and replaced every single satoshi within a month or so we lost a coin or two from the hack and were paid back as promised we also did not grab our vendor bond back in hope that backopy would return in the future we hope backopy is using the donation for good and living it up somewhere safe back when the darknet wasnt known by just any average joe those were the good ol days . this is the kasier sose of dnms shut up and take my money and my freedom too for that matter . quote from boneskoopa on april am fa . this is the kasier sose of dnms shut up and take my money and my freedom too for that matter . quote from boneskoopa on april am fa . quote from boneskoopa on april am fa . this is the kasier sose of dnms shut up and take my money and my freedom too for that matter . this is the kasier sose of dnms shut up and take my money and my freedom too for that matter . quote from boneskoopa on april am fa . quote from vixty on april amquote from boneskoopa on april am fall yeah fa and of them you have to access via i p network i believe one of them you even have to have tor chat running on a completely different device its the evolution of security . quote from vixty on april amquote from boneskoopa on april am fall yeah fa and of them you have to access via i p network i believe one of them you even have to have tor chat running on a completely different device its the evolution of security . quote from vixty on april amquote from boneskoopa on april am fall yeah fa and of them you have to access via i p network i believe one of them you even have to have tor chat running on a completely different device its the evolution of security . quote from vixty on april amquote from boneskoopa on april am fall yeah fa and of them you have to access via i p network i believe one of them you even have to have tor chat running on a completely different device its the evolution of security . 