i think the only marketplace admin is deacon and he only works a few hours a week id write off that account as the chances of sr doing anything about it are about the same as a snowflake surviving in hell . what are you doin on sr anyway you deserve to lose customers . theyd be at the conference wouldnt they . theyd be at the conference wouldnt they . what are you doin on sr anyway you deserve to lose customers . begin pgp signed message hash sha hi my s vendor account was stolen hours ago in the recent agora leak sr has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker is actively scamming my customers does sr have any admins left has anyone heard from any of the sr admins in the past few weeks i have been in contact with the forum mods doctorclu v stealth but they do not have market place access it seems there are no real admins left on sr who have access to the marketplace thanksry begin pip signature iqecbaebcgagbqjthxtsaaojeacs x g mialehrf mjr ytjhmcjte ci eehatubcg doqwmpy qyb wg jzg sgtax b ymunk hz ldzqbxb f icmlu kietcv scfqd ywv vxp ot gnggrexhcdcyz ch c kriyg h i upjsgwhi mmm s dmlk oiqc jq bcg gms cqmcgjqbiv oq alx zupocd xc atrmlvh j vipf r emiv cnjg uzzi eiakdcpb hlmcqquou hu ugewzfazpnlqveujjmjhwghlcwmzd aeucgkrwxv ehjbv irqtfqnnph zojho pymjqmovakkdb m c ry end pgp signature . what are you doin on sr anyway you deserve to lose customers . i think the only marketplace admin is deacon and he only works a few hours a week id write off that account as the chances of sr doing anything about it are about the same as a snowflake surviving in hell . theyd be at the conference wouldnt they . begin pgp signed message hash sha hi my s vendor account was stolen hours ago in the recent agora leak sr has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker is actively scamming my customers does sr have any admins left has anyone heard from any of the sr admins in the past few weeks i have been in contact with the forum mods doctorclu v stealth but they do not have market place access it seems there are no real admins left on sr who have access to the marketplace thanksry begin pip signature iqecbaebcgagbqjthxtsaaojeacs x g mialehrf mjr ytjhmcjte ci eehatubcg doqwmpy qyb wg jzg sgtax b ymunk hz ldzqbxb f icmlu kietcv scfqd ywv vxp ot gnggrexhcdcyz ch c kriyg h i upjsgwhi mmm s dmlk oiqc jq bcg gms cqmcgjqbiv oq alx zupocd xc atrmlvh j vipf r emiv cnjg uzzi eiakdcpb hlmcqquou hu ugewzfazpnlqveujjmjhwghlcwmzd aeucgkrwxv ehjbv irqtfqnnph zojho pymjqmovakkdb m c ry end pgp signature . i think the only marketplace admin is deacon and he only works a few hours a week id write off that account as the chances of sr doing anything about it are about the same as a snowflake surviving in hell . begin pgp signed message hash sha hi my s vendor account was stolen hours ago in the recent agora leak sr has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker is actively scamming my customers does sr have any admins left has anyone heard from any of the sr admins in the past few weeks i have been in contact with the forum mods doctorclu v stealth but they do not have market place access it seems there are no real admins left on sr who have access to the marketplace thanksry begin pip signature iqecbaebcgagbqjthxtsaaojeacs x g mialehrf mjr ytjhmcjte ci eehatubcg doqwmpy qyb wg jzg sgtax b ymunk hz ldzqbxb f icmlu kietcv scfqd ywv vxp ot gnggrexhcdcyz ch c kriyg h i upjsgwhi mmm s dmlk oiqc jq bcg gms cqmcgjqbiv oq alx zupocd xc atrmlvh j vipf r emiv cnjg uzzi eiakdcpb hlmcqquou hu ugewzfazpnlqveujjmjhwghlcwmzd aeucgkrwxv ehjbv irqtfqnnph zojho pymjqmovakkdb m c ry end pgp signature . begin pgp signed message hash sha hi my s vendor account was stolen hours ago in the recent agora leak sr has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker is actively scamming my customers does sr have any admins left has anyone heard from any of the sr admins in the past few weeks i have been in contact with the forum mods doctorclu v stealth but they do not have market place access it seems there are no real admins left on sr who have access to the marketplace thanksry begin pip signature iqecbaebcgagbqjthxtsaaojeacs x g mialehrf mjr ytjhmcjte ci eehatubcg doqwmpy qyb wg jzg sgtax b ymunk hz ldzqbxb f icmlu kietcv scfqd ywv vxp ot gnggrexhcdcyz ch c kriyg h i upjsgwhi mmm s dmlk oiqc jq bcg gms cqmcgjqbiv oq alx zupocd xc atrmlvh j vipf r emiv cnjg uzzi eiakdcpb hlmcqquou hu ugewzfazpnlqveujjmjhwghlcwmzd aeucgkrwxv ehjbv irqtfqnnph zojho pymjqmovakkdb m c ry end pgp signature . what are you doin on sr anyway you deserve to lose customers . theyd be at the conference wouldnt they . i think the only marketplace admin is deacon and he only works a few hours a week id write off that account as the chances of sr doing anything about it are about the same as a snowflake surviving in hell . . . . . 