hi looking for some suggestions on safe safer email account to use with pgp when i manage to suss out how to use it safe mail gets mentioned a bit but doesnt seem to be considered robust any help gratefully received him new be nice . check out this thread which is a guide to secure email providers . hi looking for some suggestions on safe safer email account to use with pgp when i manage to suss out how to use it safe mail gets mentioned a bit but doesnt seem to be considered robust any help gratefully received him new be nice . hi looking for some suggestions on safe safer email account to use with pgp when i manage to suss out how to use it safe mail gets mentioned a bit but doesnt seem to be considered robust any help gratefully received him new be nice . check out this thread which is a guide to secure email providers . check out this thread which is a guide to secure email providers . check out this thread which is a guide to secure email providers . hi looking for some suggestions on safe safer email account to use with pgp when i manage to suss out how to use it safe mail gets mentioned a bit but doesnt seem to be considered robust any help gratefully received him new be nice . feeble hit the nail on the head bud you should check out axas guide . thanks for the feedback advice guys much appreciated will read up on that threadb . thanks for the feedback advice guys much appreciated will read up on that threadb . thanks for the feedback advice guys much appreciated will read up on that threadb . thanks for the feedback advice guys much appreciated will read up on that threadb . feeble hit the nail on the head bud you should check out axas guide . feeble hit the nail on the head bud you should check out axas guide . feeble hit the nail on the head bud you should check out axas guide . while the mentioned thread is a good read remember that things change especially with email providers so the subject has to get visited from time to time . while the mentioned thread is a good read remember that things change especially with email providers so the subject has to get visited from time to time . while the mentioned thread is a good read remember that things change especially with email providers so the subject has to get visited from time to time . while the mentioned thread is a good read remember that things change especially with email providers so the subject has to get visited from time to time . 