what are the safest options for torcurrently running no scripts java forbidden etc multi layer encryption on a flash disk is this enough . so i just woke up to the mailman at my door saying that i owe for a package to be delivered that the postage was due and he would be back by later today to drop the package and collect the moneyanyone have any experience with this . it means either there was a remaining balance left unpaid by the sender or he didn t pay for the postage at all maybe your sender dropped the package into a dropbox forgetting to put the postage stamp on it i ve done that before but i realized immediately and had them send someone out to open the box so i could affix the stamp you should be fine they won t make you sign for it unless of course it required a signature anyway just for unpaid postage so there s nothing that could validate a search and seizure warrant if you re concerned at all though just make sure you clean house before he gets back . it means either there was a remaining balance left unpaid by the sender or he didnt pay for the postage at all maybe your sender dropped the package into a dropbox forgetting to put the postage stamp on it give done that before but i realized immediately and had them send someone out to open the box so i could affix the stamp you should be fine they wont make you sign for it unless of course it required a signature anyway just for unpaid postage so theres nothing that could validate a search and seizure warrant if youre concerned at all though just make sure you clean house before he gets back . it means either there was a remaining balance left unpaid by the sender or he didn t pay for the postage at all maybe your sender dropped the package into a dropbox forgetting to put the postage stamp on it i ve done that before but i realized immediately and had them send someone out to open the box so i could affix the stamp you should be fine they won t make you sign for it unless of course it required a signature anyway just for unpaid postage so there s nothing that could validate a search and seizure warrant if you re concerned at all though just make sure you clean house before he gets back . so i just woke up to the mailman at my door saying that i owe for a package to be delivered that the postage was due and he would be back by later today to drop the package and collect the moneyanyone have any experience with this . so i just woke up to the mailman at my door saying that i owe for a package to be delivered that the postage was due and he would be back by later today to drop the package and collect the moneyanyone have any experience with this . everything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment p . quote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this . everything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment p . quote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this . everything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment p . quote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this . quote from lobster on november pmquote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this yeah i had to go receive the package at the post office no this is absolutely not normal and yes it is completely frowned upon . quote from lobster on november pmquote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this yeah i had to go receive the package at the post office no this is absolutely not normal and yes it is completely frowned upon . quote from lobster on november pmquote from darcm on november ameverything was day in the end just got a bit worried there for a moment pso what happened you had to go pay postage at the post office is this a normal occurence and finally is it frowned upon when a vendor does this yeah i had to go receive the package at the post office no this is absolutely not normal and yes it is completely frowned upon . thanks for the info it seems pretty sketch glad everything worked out for you . thanks for the info it seems pretty sketch glad everything worked out for you . thanks for the info it seems pretty sketch glad everything worked out for you . yeah that woulda freaked me out i dont know if i would have been brave enough to go get it i had something say postage due but was only cents and no one collected . yeah that woulda freaked me out i dont know if i would have been brave enough to go get it i had something say postage due but was only cents and no one collected . yeah that woulda freaked me out i dont know if i would have been brave enough to go get it i had something say postage due but was only cents and no one collected . wow postage seems like a lot for a small package o . wow postage seems like a lot for a small package o . wow postage seems like a lot for a small package o . 