they were having some trouble with time a while back but it seems to be running just fine lately . it was up earlier today but now its down again the forum is slammed to death by shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod if there is one does nothing . and does it go down regularly was just about to send it to btc . and does it go down regularly was just about to send it to btc . they were having some trouble with time a while back but it seems to be running just fine lately . they were having some trouble with time a while back but it seems to be running just fine lately . it was up earlier today but now its down again the forum is slammed to death by shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod if there is one does nothing . and does it go down regularly was just about to send it to btc . it was up earlier today but now its down again the forum is slammed to death by shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod if there is one does nothing . and does it go down regularly was just about to send it to btc . it was up earlier today but now its down again the forum is slammed to death by shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod if there is one does nothing . they were having some trouble with time a while back but it seems to be running just fine lately . what it be worth my while setting up a shop on agora with all the down time give been interested in opening a shop over there but a lot of people are complain so still havent decided yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski . what it be worth my while setting up a shop on agora with all the down time give been interested in opening a shop over there but a lot of people are complain so still havent decided yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski . what it be worth my while setting up a shop on agora with all the down time give been interested in opening a shop over there but a lot of people are complain so still havent decided yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski . what it be worth my while setting up a shop on agora with all the down time give been interested in opening a shop over there but a lot of people are complain so still havent decided yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski . richard a few weeks ago there was some ddos of agra very severe all that got fixed agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam i just went in on the first try everything is copasetic in agra mkt as usual the worst thing that can be said it is undersupported in the back end but it has proved very durable i am only a buyer but it works great only a few scammers not like s lots of vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy its really the flagship darknet market nowadays also has a strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag on your stuff nothin like word of mouth to keep the coins rolling in for a no bullshit down to bizness vendor . richard a few weeks ago there was some ddos of agra very severe all that got fixed agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam i just went in on the first try everything is copasetic in agra mkt as usual the worst thing that can be said it is undersupported in the back end but it has proved very durable i am only a buyer but it works great only a few scammers not like s lots of vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy its really the flagship darknet market nowadays also has a strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag on your stuff nothin like word of mouth to keep the coins rolling in for a no bullshit down to bizness vendor . richard a few weeks ago there was some ddos of agra very severe all that got fixed agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam i just went in on the first try everything is copasetic in agra mkt as usual the worst thing that can be said it is undersupported in the back end but it has proved very durable i am only a buyer but it works great only a few scammers not like s lots of vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy its really the flagship darknet market nowadays also has a strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag on your stuff nothin like word of mouth to keep the coins rolling in for a no bullshit down to bizness vendor . richard a few weeks ago there was some ddos of agra very severe all that got fixed agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam i just went in on the first try everything is copasetic in agra mkt as usual the worst thing that can be said it is undersupported in the back end but it has proved very durable i am only a buyer but it works great only a few scammers not like s lots of vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy its really the flagship darknet market nowadays also has a strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag on your stuff nothin like word of mouth to keep the coins rolling in for a no bullshit down to bizness vendor . 