hi im french and i want some information for the market shiny flakes its a drugs market but i dont know if this market is really i dont want to loose my btc please help me for my purshase thaks . yes exactly by searching grams or torsearch do not remember this is link i just see its com its not onion in french and new user its not easy to configure and buy in market i install tor browser with bridges and a openvpn with tunelblick after i insstall gog suite and thunderbird with enigmail and create a email with fake name do you know if cloud c is a good market i just want coke and pills for techni listen spiral tribe if you know a good market and good vendors because they are too thanks . so your saying you found a market called shiny flakes i have never heard of this market it is most likely a scam do not give them money . quote from deejaycameleon on october pmand create a email with fake name nice do you know if cloud c is a good market yes they are good you can also check evolution very good too and more listings current not much you can do wrong you seem to have already prepared everything necessary to give it a shot . only use markets with a onion after them never a com all of the real non scam although that can be eatable markets are listed at the bottom of this forum on the index page read what people have to say about the markets and chose which one you like and think is good as onionshop said both c and evolution are both great places to start . so your saying you found a market called shiny flakes i have never heard of this market it is most likely a scam do not give them money . yes exactly by searching grams or torsearch do not remember this is link i just see its com its not onion in french and new user its not easy to configure and buy in market i install tor browser with bridges and a openvpn with tunelblick after i insstall gog suite and thunderbird with enigmail and create a email with fake name do you know if cloud c is a good market i just want coke and pills for techni listen spiral tribe if you know a good market and good vendors because they are too thanks . only use markets with a onion after them never a com all of the real non scam although that can be eatable markets are listed at the bottom of this forum on the index page read what people have to say about the markets and chose which one you like and think is good as onionshop said both c and evolution are both great places to start . yes exactly by searching grams or torsearch do not remember this is link i just see its com its not onion in french and new user its not easy to configure and buy in market i install tor browser with bridges and a openvpn with tunelblick after i insstall gog suite and thunderbird with enigmail and create a email with fake name do you know if cloud c is a good market i just want coke and pills for techni listen spiral tribe if you know a good market and good vendors because they are too thanks . hi im french and i want some information for the market shiny flakes its a drugs market but i dont know if this market is really i dont want to loose my btc please help me for my purshase thaks . quote from deejaycameleon on october pmand create a email with fake name nice do you know if cloud c is a good market yes they are good you can also check evolution very good too and more listings current not much you can do wrong you seem to have already prepared everything necessary to give it a shot . so your saying you found a market called shiny flakes i have never heard of this market it is most likely a scam do not give them money . hi im french and i want some information for the market shiny flakes its a drugs market but i dont know if this market is really i dont want to loose my btc please help me for my purshase thaks . yes exactly by searching grams or torsearch do not remember this is link i just see its com its not onion in french and new user its not easy to configure and buy in market i install tor browser with bridges and a openvpn with tunelblick after i insstall gog suite and thunderbird with enigmail and create a email with fake name do you know if cloud c is a good market i just want coke and pills for techni listen spiral tribe if you know a good market and good vendors because they are too thanks . only use markets with a onion after them never a com all of the real non scam although that can be eatable markets are listed at the bottom of this forum on the index page read what people have to say about the markets and chose which one you like and think is good as onionshop said both c and evolution are both great places to start . hi im french and i want some information for the market shiny flakes its a drugs market but i dont know if this market is really i dont want to loose my btc please help me for my purshase thaks . only use markets with a onion after them never a com all of the real non scam although that can be eatable markets are listed at the bottom of this forum on the index page read what people have to say about the markets and chose which one you like and think is good as onionshop said both c and evolution are both great places to start . quote from deejaycameleon on october pmand create a email with fake name nice do you know if cloud c is a good market yes they are good you can also check evolution very good too and more listings current not much you can do wrong you seem to have already prepared everything necessary to give it a shot . quote from deejaycameleon on october pmand create a email with fake name nice do you know if cloud c is a good market yes they are good you can also check evolution very good too and more listings current not much you can do wrong you seem to have already prepared everything necessary to give it a shot . so your saying you found a market called shiny flakes i have never heard of this market it is most likely a scam do not give them money . we are only just slightly limited to what products we can offer here at alpacas alpaca bcqv rnu onionbut if you feel like supporting a copy new community then you should definitely give us a try . we are only just slightly limited to what products we can offer here at alpacas alpaca bcqv rnu onionbut if you feel like supporting a copy new community then you should definitely give us a try . we are only just slightly limited to what products we can offer here at alpacas alpaca bcqv rnu onionbut if you feel like supporting a copy new community then you should definitely give us a try . we are only just slightly limited to what products we can offer here at alpacas alpaca bcqv rnu onionbut if you feel like supporting a copy new community then you should definitely give us a try . 