forums are still down thou but market is fine pfewwwww first time agora really scared me there . forums are back up . please not again am in dispute so had escrow . oh what the luck how is it i awlays have in escrow when this shit happens s sheep now this fuck my life . agora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow . please not again am in dispute so had escrow . agora is defiant down . please not again am in dispute so had escrow . its back upppp . anyone else having this issue . quote from explore on february pmits back upper indeed it is . its back upppp . i had high hopes for agra i just hope its not gone plus i make pretty good money from those refferals . quote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon . quote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement . scarf thing is that the forums are down too thats a first right . quote from deepdotweb on february definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well yeah i know they were putting in upgrades last week i just wish theyd warn us prior to shutting down the website so it doesnt cause stress but the forum being down isnt normal . i logged into the market just fine forums are down though which kind of worries me that being our main source of communication with administration and staff if anything is going on we have no way of knowing unless they make an appearance here . definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well . agora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow . anyone else having this issue . agora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow . oh what the luck how is it i awlays have in escrow when this shit happens s sheep now this fuck my life . forums are back up . thought maybe ag pulled out due to topic being live long live ag and utopia . forums down is what gets me if they havent screwed me over and they return communication should be rushed into the top priorities being left in the dark like this awfull . quote from bukka on february pmquote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon ill give a hrs before i let drama set in . oh what the luck how is it i awlays have in escrow when this shit happens s sheep now this fuck my life . forums are back up . please not again am in dispute so had escrow . quote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement . thought maybe ag pulled out due to topic being live long live ag and utopia . down for me also dunno why forums gone down too tho just hope all is well for people with money in escrow . oh what the luck how is it i awlays have in escrow when this shit happens s sheep now this fuck my life . scarf thing is that the forums are down too thats a first right . quote from bukka on february pmquote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon ill give a hrs before i let drama set in . forums down is what gets me if they havent screwed me over and they return communication should be rushed into the top priorities being left in the dark like this awfull . agora is defiant down . quote from deepdotweb on february definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well yeah i know they were putting in upgrades last week i just wish theyd warn us prior to shutting down the website so it doesnt cause stress but the forum being down isnt normal . quote from deepdotweb on february definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well yeah i know they were putting in upgrades last week i just wish theyd warn us prior to shutting down the website so it doesnt cause stress but the forum being down isnt normal . forums are still down thou but market is fine pfewwwww first time agora really scared me there . anyone else having this issue . scarf thing is that the forums are down too thats a first right . i had high hopes for agra i just hope its not gone plus i make pretty good money from those refferals . quote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon . quote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement . scarf thing is that the forums are down too thats a first right . definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well . agora is defiant down . agora is defiant down . quote from deepdotweb on february definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well yeah i know they were putting in upgrades last week i just wish theyd warn us prior to shutting down the website so it doesnt cause stress but the forum being down isnt normal . i had high hopes for agra i just hope its not gone plus i make pretty good money from those refferals . i logged into the market just fine forums are down though which kind of worries me that being our main source of communication with administration and staff if anything is going on we have no way of knowing unless they make an appearance here . quote from explore on february pmits back upper indeed it is . quote from explore on february pmits back upper indeed it is . its back upppp . i logged into the market just fine forums are down though which kind of worries me that being our main source of communication with administration and staff if anything is going on we have no way of knowing unless they make an appearance here . definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well . down for me also dunno why forums gone down too tho just hope all is well for people with money in escrow . forums are back up . definitely down they had some long downtime last week as well . i logged into the market just fine forums are down though which kind of worries me that being our main source of communication with administration and staff if anything is going on we have no way of knowing unless they make an appearance here . agora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow . down for me also dunno why forums gone down too tho just hope all is well for people with money in escrow . quote from explore on february pmits back upper indeed it is . quote from bukka on february pmquote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon ill give a hrs before i let drama set in . its back upppp . i had high hopes for agra i just hope its not gone plus i make pretty good money from those refferals . forums down is what gets me if they havent screwed me over and they return communication should be rushed into the top priorities being left in the dark like this awfull . quote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon . forums are still down thou but market is fine pfewwwww first time agora really scared me there . quote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement . quote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon . forums are still down thou but market is fine pfewwwww first time agora really scared me there . anyone else having this issue . thought maybe ag pulled out due to topic being live long live ag and utopia . thought maybe ag pulled out due to topic being live long live ag and utopia . forums down is what gets me if they havent screwed me over and they return communication should be rushed into the top priorities being left in the dark like this awfull . quote from bukka on february pmquote from lilsagititehs on february pmquote from bukka on february pmagora is gone i feel sorry for the vendors who had money in escrow why do you say agora is gone to me that sounds like a permanent statement it had to happen sooner or later just did not expect it to be so soon ill give a hrs before i let drama set in . down for me also dunno why forums gone down too tho just hope all is well for people with money in escrow . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmyou didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found i got this error times and it worked on the th attempt . is it possible agora forums have been down a week agra marketplace wont let you login for the past few hours was down before that bitcoin fog has been down for days considering both sites share common interests i e the people who run them would it be fair to speculate the down time to be related . they are hit by a ddosforum serveur is up so is market naboth site are accessible just loading painfully slow i got in agora right now after the th attempt but can t do anything more as it is timing out nowbut both are not downbitcoin fog i dont know why it is down but certainly not related imo . you didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found . is it possible agora forums have been down a week agra marketplace wont let you login for the past few hours was down before that bitcoin fog has been down for days considering both sites share common interests i e the people who run them would it be fair to speculate the down time to be related . you didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found . their servers are still online because we all can connect to it which means they are having serve issues its either another ddos coughsilkroadcough or server maintanence until we get the dreaded firefox cant establish a connection to the server like bitcoinfog done start freaking out yet the site is still online its servers are just not able to handle the load for whatever reason my guess is silk road reallllly wants to pay everyone back their money and being so close to that goal they are shutting down their biggest competitor to direct buyer traffic to sr for comission this way they get to puff their chests out and act like theyre the best again . their servers are still online because we all can connect to it which means they are having serve issues its either another ddos coughsilkroadcough or server maintanence until we get the dreaded firefox cant establish a connection to the server like bitcoinfog done start freaking out yet the site is still online its servers are just not able to handle the load for whatever reason my guess is silk road reallllly wants to pay everyone back their money and being so close to that goal they are shutting down their biggest competitor to direct buyer traffic to sr for comission this way they get to puff their chests out and act like theyre the best again . bitcoinfog said they are having teach issues and expect the site to be back up within a day check out the bitcoinfog forums . they are hit by a ddosforum serveur is up so is market naboth site are accessible just loading painfully slow i got in agora right now after the th attempt but can t do anything more as it is timing out nowbut both are not downbitcoin fog i dont know why it is down but certainly not related imo . bitcoinfog said they are having teach issues and expect the site to be back up within a day check out the bitcoinfog forums . they are hit by a ddosforum serveur is up so is market naboth site are accessible just loading painfully slow i got in agora right now after the th attempt but can t do anything more as it is timing out nowbut both are not downbitcoin fog i dont know why it is down but certainly not related imo . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmyou didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found i got this error times and it worked on the th attempt . you didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found . is it possible agora forums have been down a week agra marketplace wont let you login for the past few hours was down before that bitcoin fog has been down for days considering both sites share common interests i e the people who run them would it be fair to speculate the down time to be related . is it possible agora forums have been down a week agra marketplace wont let you login for the past few hours was down before that bitcoin fog has been down for days considering both sites share common interests i e the people who run them would it be fair to speculate the down time to be related . they are hit by a ddosforum serveur is up so is market naboth site are accessible just loading painfully slow i got in agora right now after the th attempt but can t do anything more as it is timing out nowbut both are not downbitcoin fog i dont know why it is down but certainly not related imo . bitcoinfog said they are having teach issues and expect the site to be back up within a day check out the bitcoinfog forums . their servers are still online because we all can connect to it which means they are having serve issues its either another ddos coughsilkroadcough or server maintanence until we get the dreaded firefox cant establish a connection to the server like bitcoinfog done start freaking out yet the site is still online its servers are just not able to handle the load for whatever reason my guess is silk road reallllly wants to pay everyone back their money and being so close to that goal they are shutting down their biggest competitor to direct buyer traffic to sr for comission this way they get to puff their chests out and act like theyre the best again . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmyou didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found i got this error times and it worked on the th attempt . bitcoinfog said they are having teach issues and expect the site to be back up within a day check out the bitcoinfog forums . you didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmyou didnt get the file not found error maybe its fixed plate im still getting file not found i got this error times and it worked on the th attempt . their servers are still online because we all can connect to it which means they are having serve issues its either another ddos coughsilkroadcough or server maintanence until we get the dreaded firefox cant establish a connection to the server like bitcoinfog done start freaking out yet the site is still online its servers are just not able to handle the load for whatever reason my guess is silk road reallllly wants to pay everyone back their money and being so close to that goal they are shutting down their biggest competitor to direct buyer traffic to sr for comission this way they get to puff their chests out and act like theyre the best again . quote from bitcoin fogmaintenance the website is current closed down for maintenance we are working hard to make it more stable and secure please come back in a short while more stable and secure that kind of scares me . quote from bitcoin fogmaintenance the website is current closed down for maintenance we are working hard to make it more stable and secure please come back in a short while more stable and secure that kind of scares me . quote from bitcoin fogmaintenance the website is current closed down for maintenance we are working hard to make it more stable and secure please come back in a short while more stable and secure that kind of scares me . quote from bitcoin fogmaintenance the website is current closed down for maintenance we are working hard to make it more stable and secure please come back in a short while more stable and secure that kind of scares me . 