never had that issue before it should prompt you for the bridge address youre using when its configured takes no time extra to connect will pm you for specifics . shot you a pm back thanks fragbite . so i friend recently turned me on to bridges and leveled my opsec up but im still having some issues he gave me bridges he personally uses and said they were all solid however when i put them in and the connectiing to tor thing comes up it just gets stuck there i dont know if this just takes longer than i expected but i waited a good min and it never connected the progress bar started but stayed frozen in one place any help would be greatly appreciated . so i friend recently turned me on to bridges and leveled my opsec up but im still having some issues he gave me bridges he personally uses and said they were all solid however when i put them in and the connectiing to tor thing comes up it just gets stuck there i dont know if this just takes longer than i expected but i waited a good min and it never connected the progress bar started but stayed frozen in one place any help would be greatly appreciated . so i friend recently turned me on to bridges and leveled my opsec up but im still having some issues he gave me bridges he personally uses and said they were all solid however when i put them in and the connectiing to tor thing comes up it just gets stuck there i dont know if this just takes longer than i expected but i waited a good min and it never connected the progress bar started but stayed frozen in one place any help would be greatly appreciated . shot you a pm back thanks fragbite . never had that issue before it should prompt you for the bridge address youre using when its configured takes no time extra to connect will pm you for specifics . shot you a pm back thanks fragbite . never had that issue before it should prompt you for the bridge address youre using when its configured takes no time extra to connect will pm you for specifics . replied in the other thread as well to your question update your bridges check for new bridges at . replied in the other thread as well to your question update your bridges check for new bridges at . 