i was part of a small private source forum years ago everyone had each others pgp keys and jabber using a pidgin plugin keeps no logs encrypted chat would be very convenient to chat with tug members . i was part of a small private source forum years ago everyone had each others pgp keys and jabber using a pidgin plugin keeps no logs encrypted chat would be very convenient to chat with tug members . i was part of a small private source forum years ago everyone had each others pgp keys and jabber using a pidgin plugin keeps no logs encrypted chat would be very convenient to chat with tug members . its a lot easier to get your ip from jabber than it is email especially if you use a private tor service i only use jabber for people i truly trust which is rare these days . it s a lot easier to get your ip from jabber than it is email especially if you use a private tor service i only use jabber for people i truly trust which is rare these days . even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldnt decrepit any of my pidgin chats and of course emails . even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldnt decrepit any of my pidgin chats and of course emails . its a lot easier to get your ip from jabber than it is email especially if you use a private tor service i only use jabber for people i truly trust which is rare these days . even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldn t decrypt any of my pidgin chats and of course emails . quote from swirlybird on november even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldnt decrepit any of my pidgin chats and of course emails not your otr stuff otr just encrypts your communication it doesnt go through a pray unless you have settings configured for it ip doesnt have much to do with that except it could tie you to a place you were or somewhere you logged into . jabber is a term for xmpp protocol on a chat client most likely pidgin here are some security plugins for pidgin with xmpp otr you create a fingerprint authenticate the person you are chatting with a shared secret or question and answer you send via some other source and the conversation is then not logged anywhere this was the de facto method of communication on old source forums besides pidgin is an gamesome chat client . what is abner do people suggest getting it . what is abner do people suggest getting it . quote from swirlybird on november even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldnt decrepit any of my pidgin chats and of course emails not your otr stuff otr just encrypts your communication it doesnt go through a pray unless you have settings configured for it ip doesnt have much to do with that except it could tie you to a place you were or somewhere you logged into . jabber is a term for xmpp protocol on a chat client most likely pidgin here are some security plugins for pidgin with xmpp otr you create a fingerprint authenticate the person you are chatting with a shared secret or question and answer you send via some other source and the conversation is then not logged anywhere this was the de facto method of communication on old source forums besides pidgin is an gamesome chat client . what is abner do people suggest getting it . quote from swirlybird on november even with encrusted chat like otr i was office for years police couldn t decrypt any of my pidgin chats and of course emails not your otr stuff otr just encrypts your communication it doesn t go through a pray unless you have settings configured for it ip doesn t have much to do with that except it could tie you to a place you were or somewhere you logged into . jabber is a term for xmpp protocol on a chat client most likely pidgin here are some security plugins for pidgin with xmpp otr you create a fingerprint authenticate the person you are chatting with a shared secret or question and answer you send via some other source and the conversation is then not logged anywhere this was the de facto method of communication on old source forums besides pidgin is an gamesome chat client . use jabber through tor and it should not leak ip combined with vpn and otr you are very good . use jabber through tor and it should not leak ip combined with vpn and otr you are very good . use jabber through tor and it should not leak ip combined with vpn and otr you are very good . 