quote from root on may ami think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is we love avengers i don t like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor while i don t like the identity theft part either we love avengers is actually the best darknet market current for drugs they a large amount of listings and the site is almost always up with top notch ddos protection . i see no one at all talking about abraxas i like it good uptime . i see no one at all talking about abraxas i like it good uptime . i see no one at all talking about abraxas i like it good uptime . quote from root on may ami think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is alphabet i dont like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor while i dont like the identity theft part either alphabay is actually the best darknet market current for drugs they a large amount of listings and the site is almost always up with top notch ddos protection . there are too many marketplaces for everyone to keep up with there were also rumors that they were running a tor exit node on the same server as their service not too sure if i believe it but here are a few links after evolution many here have chosen to do direct trades with vendors they trust i think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is alphabet i dont like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor . no love for markets ll weve outgrown them . no love for markets ll weve outgrown them . there are too many marketplaces for everyone to keep up with there were also rumors that they were running a tor exit node on the same server as their service not too sure if i believe it but here are a few links after evolution many here have chosen to do direct trades with vendors they trust i think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is we love avengers i don t like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor . no love for markets lol we ve outgrown them . there are too many marketplaces for everyone to keep up with there were also rumors that they were running a tor exit node on the same server as their service not too sure if i believe it but here are a few links after evolution many here have chosen to do direct trades with vendors they trust i think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is alphabet i dont like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor . quote from root on may ami think the only marketplace that i can say i have no love for is alphabet i dont like a site devoted to theft of ones identity i have had multiply family members put into an endless cycle and a hole of debt trying to recover from identity theft other friend with ruined credit that made it hard to find a job and impossible to get a good rate on home purchase because they were taken advantage of in the same manor while i dont like the identity theft part either alphabay is actually the best darknet market current for drugs they a large amount of listings and the site is almost always up with top notch ddos protection . i do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic . quote from love is all around us on may pmi do not miss logging into agora and seeing pornographic images used in many listings plastered all accross my screen that face when you ve bought a brazzers account of evolution in the past and are not proud of it . quote from love is all around us on may pmi do not miss logging into agora and seeing pornographic images used in many listings plastered all accross my screen that face when youve bought a brazzers account of evolution in the past and are not proud of it . i do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic . quote from love is all around us on may pmi do not miss logging into agora and seeing pornographic images used in many listings plastered all accross my screen that face when youve bought a brazzers account of evolution in the past and are not proud of it . i do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic . quote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same . quote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same . quote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same . quote from p nd s on may amquote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same teardrop topic showing some love abraxaslike that setting up listings was a breedeth delayed messaging is also a nice feature . quote from p nd s on may amquote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same teardrop topic showing some love abraxaslike that setting up listings was a breedeth delayed messaging is also a nice feature . quote from p nd s on may amquote from knuckles on may pmi do miss the original silk road seriously at this point it seems so nostalgic ditto nothing feels the same teardrop topic showing some love abraxaslike that setting up listings was a breedeth delayed messaging is also a nice feature . quote teardrop yes im keeping that . quote teardrop yes im keeping that . quote teardrop yes i m keeping that . does this market exist still cheers dolmio . does this market exist still cheers dolmio . does this market exist still cheers dolmio . is abraxis a stable site to deposit withdrawl . is abraxis a stable site to deposit withdrawl . is abraxis a stable site to deposit withdrawl . i dont trust anymarket now that eve excited like they did prob agora gets my vote but im always quick in and quick out . i don t trust anymarket now that eve excited like they did prob agora gets my vote but i m always quick in and quick out . i dont trust anymarket now that eve excited like they did prob agora gets my vote but im always quick in and quick out . im back on abraxas with both escrow and fe listings as low as an ounce there are only a couple fe listings shipping will not commence until . im back on abraxas with both escrow and fe listings as low as an ounce there are only a couple fe listings shipping will not commence until . on alphabay now too . on alphabay now too . dropped prices to as low as an ounce . dropped prices to as low as an ounce . coming back daytime soon brother . coming back daytime soon brother . . . nope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure . give never been had any problems with alpha though i keep seeing so much reports of them scamming this and that honestly if they were that bad then so many people would not be using them tillie made over orders on alpha the only problems give seen is slight delays in deposit and such nothing a little wait wont solve . whoever placed that order with me today please dispute it it went out today and you should get it in a couple days but dispute the fuck out of it as if i didn t send it because they just deleted my account and are stealing all my money dispute it saying i scammed you or something i don t want those motherfuckers to get that money that i earned . i made a public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later my account is gone with all my money in it can someone please see what my profile on ab says . people have been saying this since they opened done trust carders sorry for your loss . actions of ab in the last week alone deposits failed to show in the account balance must be the customers mistake what else resolved a dispute in favor of the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening to dox him accounts blocked accounts with fa with an invalid pgp phrase message accounts wished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming in and cant let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once ya lock the vendor and the buyer out its all oursfuck ab . its true though can t trust carders ab has made me very insecure about bunch of stuff the admin over there is dip ship wont be surprised he was part of the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums or whatever lairs and cheats there seem like a bunch of familiar faces over in the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit . ab doesnt ever bother to resolve disputes the coins will be in crow forever till they decide to ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins i had around half btc in a dispute with a vendor who had exit slammed they never released it or even responded to any of the messages i sent them in this regard apologize for the profanity but luck ab . a customer just told me that despite me losing access my listings are still up and you can still order from me i can only assume this means ab is going to try to accept orders on my behalf take their money and fuck my rep do not order from me symetry on ab i do not have access to my account . ye luck ab im starting to calm down and just reserve myself to a k loss in the meantime im hoping for dhl approval . ab doesnt ever bother to resolve disputes the coins will be in crow forever till they decide to ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins i had around half btc in a dispute with a vendor who had exit slammed they never released it or even responded to any of the messages i sent them in this regard apologize for the profanity but luck ab . go to their help desk on their forum click a few pages until you get to their green resolved threads there is page after page after page of resolved threads of pins not working and the resolution is sorry nothing can be done its our money now tons of them i am current in the situation where my correct pin i have used dozens of times to withdraw did not work after the th time my account got locked and as per the rules there is nothing that can be done without the long ass mnemonic provided at account creation that i did not bother to save because my pin is retarded simple and there is no way it could ever be forgotten you are warned ab is covertly stealing peoples money with the ridiculous rule of five times you fail and your money is ours . its true though cant trust carders ab has made me very insecure about bunch of stuff the admin over there is dip ship wont be surprised he was part of the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums or whatever lairs and cheats there seem like a bunch of familiar faces over in the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit . are you sure you didnt get wished create a new account buyers account and message admit on the forums he has helped me out with some missing deposits in the past after i went rampaging the forum . my withdrawal pin is not working on ab i have not used it in months but it is correct has anyone had issues of their correct withdrawal pin on ab not working i do not have the mnemonic from account creation either so i can not reset it . ye luck ab i m starting to calm down and just reserve myself to a k loss in the meantime i m hoping for dhl approval . a customer just told me that despite me losing access my listings are still up and you can still order from me i can only assume this means ab is going to try to accept orders on my behalf take their money and fuck my rep do not order from me symetry on ab i do not have access to my account . ab doesnt ever bother to resolve disputes the coins will be in crow forever till they decide to ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins i had around half btc in a dispute with a vendor who had exit slammed they never released it or even responded to any of the messages i sent them in this regard apologize for the profanity but luck ab . i made a public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later my account is gone with all my money in it can someone please see what my profile on ab says . a customer just told me that despite me losing access my listings are still up and you can still order from me i can only assume this means ab is going to try to accept orders on my behalf take their money and fuck my rep do not order from me symetry on ab i do not have access to my account . people have been saying this since they opened don t trust carders sorry for your loss . ab doesnt ever bother to resolve disputes the coins will be in crow forever till they decide to ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins i had around half btc in a dispute with a vendor who had exit slammed they never released it or even responded to any of the messages i sent them in this regard apologize for the profanity but luck ab . its true though can t trust carders ab has made me very insecure about bunch of stuff the admin over there is dip ship wont be surprised he was part of the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums or whatever lairs and cheats there seem like a bunch of familiar faces over in the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit . well i might be able to limit it to a loss if i can get a guy who just placed a order with me and already shipped to agree to me canceling the order and then paying me directly there is a risk for me there but a smaller one then for sure not getting any of it if escrow is released to my frozen wallet . go to their help desk on their forum click a few pages until you get to their green resolved threads there is page after page after page of resolved threads of pins not working and the resolution is sorry nothing can be done its our money now tons of them i am current in the situation where my correct pin i have used dozens of times to withdraw did not work after the th time my account got locked and as per the rules there is nothing that can be done without the long ass mnemonic provided at account creation that i did not bother to save because my pin is retarded simple and there is no way it could ever be forgotten you are warned ab is covertly stealing people s money with the ridiculous rule of five times you fail and your money is ours . i ve never been had any problems with alpha though i keep seeing so much reports of them scamming this and that honestly if they were that bad then so many people would not be using them tillie made over orders on alpha the only problems give seen is slight delays in deposit and such nothing a little wait wont solve . ye luck ab im starting to calm down and just reserve myself to a k loss in the meantime im hoping for dhl approval . whoever placed that order with me today please dispute it it went out today and you should get it in a couple days but dispute the fuck out of it as if i didn t send it because they just deleted my account and are stealing all my money dispute it saying i scammed you or something i don t want those motherfuckers to get that money that i earned . actions of ab in the last week alone deposits failed to show in the account balance must be the customers mistake what else resolved a dispute in favor of the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening to dox him accounts blocked accounts with fa with an invalid pgp phrase message accounts wished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming in and cant let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once ya lock the vendor and the buyer out its all oursfuck ab . well i might be able to limit it to a loss if i can get a guy who just placed a order with me and already shipped to agree to me canceling the order and then paying me directly there is a risk for me there but a smaller one then for sure not getting any of it if escrow is released to my frozen wallet . nope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure . actions of ab in the last week alone deposits failed to show in the account balance must be the customers mistake what else resolved a dispute in favor of the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening to dox him accounts blocked accounts with fa with an invalid pgp phrase message accounts wished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming in and can t let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once ya lock the vendor and the buyer out its all ours fuck ab . go to their help desk on their forum click a few pages until you get to their green resolved threads there is page after page after page of resolved threads of pins not working and the resolution is sorry nothing can be done its our money now tons of them i am current in the situation where my correct pin i have used dozens of times to withdraw did not work after the th time my account got locked and as per the rules there is nothing that can be done without the long ass mnemonic provided at account creation that i did not bother to save because my pin is retarded simple and there is no way it could ever be forgotten you are warned ab is covertly stealing peoples money with the ridiculous rule of five times you fail and your money is ours . actions of ab in the last week alone deposits failed to show in the account balance must be the customers mistake what else resolved a dispute in favor of the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening to dox him accounts blocked accounts with fa with an invalid pgp phrase message accounts wished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming in and cant let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once ya lock the vendor and the buyer out its all oursfuck ab . a customer just told me that despite me losing access my listings are still up and you can still order from me i can only assume this means ab is going to try to accept orders on my behalf take their money and fuck my rep do not order from me symetry on ab i do not have access to my account . nope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure . my withdrawal pin is not working on ab i have not used it in months but it is correct has anyone had issues of their correct withdrawal pin on ab not working i do not have the mnemonic from account creation either so i can not reset it . ye luck ab im starting to calm down and just reserve myself to a k loss in the meantime im hoping for dhl approval . well i might be able to limit it to a loss if i can get a guy who just placed a order with me and already shipped to agree to me canceling the order and then paying me directly there is a risk for me there but a smaller one then for sure not getting any of it if escrow is released to my frozen wallet . go to their help desk on their forum click a few pages until you get to their green resolved threads there is page after page after page of resolved threads of pins not working and the resolution is sorry nothing can be done its our money now tons of them i am current in the situation where my correct pin i have used dozens of times to withdraw did not work after the th time my account got locked and as per the rules there is nothing that can be done without the long ass mnemonic provided at account creation that i did not bother to save because my pin is retarded simple and there is no way it could ever be forgotten you are warned ab is covertly stealing peoples money with the ridiculous rule of five times you fail and your money is ours . ye luck ab i m starting to calm down and just reserve myself to a k loss in the meantime i m hoping for dhl approval . give never been had any problems with alpha though i keep seeing so much reports of them scamming this and that honestly if they were that bad then so many people would not be using them tillie made over orders on alpha the only problems give seen is slight delays in deposit and such nothing a little wait wont solve . i made a public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later my account is gone with all my money in it can someone please see what my profile on ab says . people have been saying this since they opened done trust carders sorry for your loss . ab doesnt ever bother to resolve disputes the coins will be in crow forever till they decide to ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins i had around half btc in a dispute with a vendor who had exit slammed they never released it or even responded to any of the messages i sent them in this regard apologize for the profanity but luck ab . whoever placed that order with me today please dispute it it went out today and you should get it in a couple days but dispute the fuck out of it as if i didnt send it because they just deleted my account and are stealing all my money dispute it saying i scammed you or something i dont want those motherfuckers to get that money that i earned . are you sure you didnt get wished create a new account buyers account and message admit on the forums he has helped me out with some missing deposits in the past after i went rampaging the forum . give never been had any problems with alpha though i keep seeing so much reports of them scamming this and that honestly if they were that bad then so many people would not be using them tillie made over orders on alpha the only problems give seen is slight delays in deposit and such nothing a little wait wont solve . nope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure . my withdrawal pin is not working on ab i have not used it in months but it is correct has anyone had issues of their correct withdrawal pin on ab not working i do not have the mnemonic from account creation either so i can not reset it . go to their help desk on their forum click a few pages until you get to their green resolved threads there is page after page after page of resolved threads of pins not working and the resolution is sorry nothing can be done its our money now tons of them i am current in the situation where my correct pin i have used dozens of times to withdraw did not work after the th time my account got locked and as per the rules there is nothing that can be done without the long ass mnemonic provided at account creation that i did not bother to save because my pin is retarded simple and there is no way it could ever be forgotten you are warned ab is covertly stealing people s money with the ridiculous rule of five times you fail and your money is ours . whoever placed that order with me today please dispute it it went out today and you should get it in a couple days but dispute the fuck out of it as if i didnt send it because they just deleted my account and are stealing all my money dispute it saying i scammed you or something i dont want those motherfuckers to get that money that i earned . are you sure you didnt get wished create a new account buyers account and message admit on the forums he has helped me out with some missing deposits in the past after i went rampaging the forum . people have been saying this since they opened done trust carders sorry for your loss . actions of ab in the last week alone deposits failed to show in the account balance must be the customers mistake what else resolved a dispute in favor of the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening to dox him accounts blocked accounts with fa with an invalid pgp phrase message accounts wished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming in and can t let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once ya lock the vendor and the buyer out its all ours fuck ab . its true though cant trust carders ab has made me very insecure about bunch of stuff the admin over there is dip ship wont be surprised he was part of the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums or whatever lairs and cheats there seem like a bunch of familiar faces over in the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit . i made a public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later my account is gone with all my money in it can someone please see what my profile on ab says . its true though cant trust carders ab has made me very insecure about bunch of stuff the admin over there is dip ship wont be surprised he was part of the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums or whatever lairs and cheats there seem like a bunch of familiar faces over in the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit . whoever placed that order with me today please dispute it it went out today and you should get it in a couple days but dispute the fuck out of it as if i didnt send it because they just deleted my account and are stealing all my money dispute it saying i scammed you or something i dont want those motherfuckers to get that money that i earned . are you sure you didnt get wished create a new account buyers account and message admit on the forums he has helped me out with some missing deposits in the past after i went rampaging the forum . i ve never been had any problems with alpha though i keep seeing so much reports of them scamming this and that honestly if they were that bad then so many people would not be using them tillie made over orders on alpha the only problems give seen is slight delays in deposit and such nothing a little wait wont solve . i made a public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later my account is gone with all my money in it can someone please see what my profile on ab says . well i might be able to limit it to a loss if i can get a guy who just placed a order with me and already shipped to agree to me canceling the order and then paying me directly there is a risk for me there but a smaller one then for sure not getting any of it if escrow is released to my frozen wallet . well i might be able to limit it to a loss if i can get a guy who just placed a order with me and already shipped to agree to me canceling the order and then paying me directly there is a risk for me there but a smaller one then for sure not getting any of it if escrow is released to my frozen wallet . nope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure . are you sure you didnt get wished create a new account buyers account and message admit on the forums he has helped me out with some missing deposits in the past after i went rampaging the forum . a customer just told me that despite me losing access my listings are still up and you can still order from me i can only assume this means ab is going to try to accept orders on my behalf take their money and fuck my rep do not order from me symetry on ab i do not have access to my account . my withdrawal pin is not working on ab i have not used it in months but it is correct has anyone had issues of their correct withdrawal pin on ab not working i do not have the mnemonic from account creation either so i can not reset it . people have been saying this since they opened don t trust carders sorry for your loss . my withdrawal pin is not working on ab i have not used it in months but it is correct has anyone had issues of their correct withdrawal pin on ab not working i do not have the mnemonic from account creation either so i can not reset it . alpha just worked for me i can confirm . you know what they say about never trusting a carder . you know what they say about never trusting a carder . you know what they say about never trusting a carder . alpha just worked for me i can confirm . you know what they say about never trusting a carder . alpha just worked for me i can confirm . you know what they say about never trusting a carder . alpha just worked for me i can confirm . alpha just worked for me i can confirm . quote from symetry on january amnope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure i think the reddit mods also own ab that happy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times dudes probably couldn fight their way out of a wet paper bag they dont have the balls to steal like that in person they just do it behind a computer screen theyre so bad at selling drugs they have to card steal to make money lolits almost as embarrassing as that guy who hacked tmg and put a drive by excusable on the server he really thought ppl were going to download a exe over tor lol . quote from symetry on january amnope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure i think the reddit mods also own ab that happy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times dudes probably couldn t fight their way out of a wet paper bag they don t have the balls to steal like that in person they just do it behind a computer screen they re so bad at selling drugs they have to card steal to make money lolit s almost as embarrassing as that guy who hacked tmg and put a drive by excusable on the server he really thought ppl were going to download a exe over tor lol . that exe didn t do anything i ran it over and over again and couldn t get my windows machine to run it it just went to a black screen for a few minutes and that was it is it odd that my cc and etc wallet are completely drained in the real though i am not a fan of ab i have said for a bit that i think they are a scam . that exe didn t do anything i ran it over and over again and couldn t get my windows machine to run it it just went to a black screen for a few minutes and that was it is it odd that my cc and etc wallet are completely drained in the real though i am not a fan of ab i have said for a bit that i think they are a scam . quote from symetry on january amnope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure i think the reddit mods also own ab that happy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times dudes probably couldn fight their way out of a wet paper bag they dont have the balls to steal like that in person they just do it behind a computer screen theyre so bad at selling drugs they have to card steal to make money lolits almost as embarrassing as that guy who hacked tmg and put a drive by excusable on the server he really thought ppl were going to download a exe over tor lol . that exe didnt do anything i ran it over and over again and couldnt get my windows machine to run it it just went to a black screen for a few minutes and that was it is it odd that my cc and etc wallet are completely drained in the real though i am not a fan of ab i have said for a bit that i think they are a scam . quote from symetry on january amnope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure i think the reddit mods also own ab that happy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times dudes probably couldn fight their way out of a wet paper bag they dont have the balls to steal like that in person they just do it behind a computer screen theyre so bad at selling drugs they have to card steal to make money lolits almost as embarrassing as that guy who hacked tmg and put a drive by excusable on the server he really thought ppl were going to download a exe over tor lol . that exe didnt do anything i ran it over and over again and couldnt get my windows machine to run it it just went to a black screen for a few minutes and that was it is it odd that my cc and etc wallet are completely drained in the real though i am not a fan of ab i have said for a bit that i think they are a scam . quote from symetry on january amnope not wished my account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today an escrow got released so i went to withdraw and my correct pin would not work account got froze so complained about it to admin then i took to reddit to complain min after reddit complaints my password no longer worked no phishing links or password disclosure i think the reddit mods also own ab that happy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times dudes probably couldn t fight their way out of a wet paper bag they don t have the balls to steal like that in person they just do it behind a computer screen they re so bad at selling drugs they have to card steal to make money lolit s almost as embarrassing as that guy who hacked tmg and put a drive by excusable on the server he really thought ppl were going to download a exe over tor lol . that exe didnt do anything i ran it over and over again and couldnt get my windows machine to run it it just went to a black screen for a few minutes and that was it is it odd that my cc and etc wallet are completely drained in the real though i am not a fan of ab i have said for a bit that i think they are a scam . my ab wallet became frozen due to too many pin attempts i bitch publicly about not getting help on this min later i lose access to my account after publicly bashing ab for days the admin finally restores my access and says oh so sorry i feel for you you were wished i log into my account and all my funds are gone so i cant remove my funds from my frozen wallet yet a supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars . i just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warez . i just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warez . god i miss sr . god i miss sr . i just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warez . my ab wallet became frozen due to too many pin attempts i bitch publicly about not getting help on this min later i lose access to my account after publicly bashing ab for days the admin finally restores my access and says oh so sorry i feel for you you were wished i log into my account and all my funds are gone so i can t remove my funds from my frozen wallet yet a supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars . god i miss sr . my ab wallet became frozen due to too many pin attempts i bitch publicly about not getting help on this min later i lose access to my account after publicly bashing ab for days the admin finally restores my access and says oh so sorry i feel for you you were wished i log into my account and all my funds are gone so i cant remove my funds from my frozen wallet yet a supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars . i just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warez . my ab wallet became frozen due to too many pin attempts i bitch publicly about not getting help on this min later i lose access to my account after publicly bashing ab for days the admin finally restores my access and says oh so sorry i feel for you you were wished i log into my account and all my funds are gone so i cant remove my funds from my frozen wallet yet a supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars . i just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warez . my ab wallet became frozen due to too many pin attempts i bitch publicly about not getting help on this min later i lose access to my account after publicly bashing ab for days the admin finally restores my access and says oh so sorry i feel for you you were wished i log into my account and all my funds are gone so i can t remove my funds from my frozen wallet yet a supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars . god i miss sr . god i miss sr . we will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santa . quote from gratefuldeadbachelor on january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warezthat fucking sucks i hope you didnt lose too much and re symetry that shit is brutal what they did to you fucking crooks indeed its very short sighted because they make more money in the long run if they just ran a successful and secure market for years . it s been said from the beginning i really don t hope it turns out true . quote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it . quote from gratefuldeadbachelor on january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warezthat fucking sucks i hope you didnt lose too much and re symetry that shit is brutal what they did to you fucking crooks indeed its very short sighted because they make more money in the long run if they just ran a successful and secure market for years . its been said from the beginning i really done hope it turns out true . we will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santa . its just a matter of time before they exit swam shifty morals for sure . quote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it s so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it . its just a matter of time before they exit swam shifty morals for sure . its just a matter of time before they exit swam shifty morals for sure . it s been said from the beginning i really don t hope it turns out true . we will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santa . its just a matter of time before they exit swam shifty morals for sure . quote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it . its just a matter of time before they exit swam shifty morals for sure . its been said from the beginning i really done hope it turns out true . quote from gratefuldeadbachelor on january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warezthat fucking sucks i hope you didn t lose too much and re symetry that shit is brutal what they did to you fucking crooks indeed it s very short sighted because they d make more money in the long run if they just ran a successful and secure market for years . quote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it s so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it . we will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santa . its been said from the beginning i really done hope it turns out true . quote from gratefuldeadbachelor on january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warezthat fucking sucks i hope you didnt lose too much and re symetry that shit is brutal what they did to you fucking crooks indeed its very short sighted because they make more money in the long run if they just ran a successful and secure market for years . quote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it . we will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santa . quote from gratefuldeadbachelor on january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable i had the link on the bookmarks for months now if someone tells me i was using a phishing link they can fuck off to russia looking for a new market to buy warezthat fucking sucks i hope you didn t lose too much and re symetry that shit is brutal what they did to you fucking crooks indeed it s very short sighted because they d make more money in the long run if they just ran a successful and secure market for years . quote from symetry on january pmquote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it not sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santa . quote from saint nic on january amnot sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santai like dhl too and im getting a nice stream of orders on it but they do not have the customer base that ab does i wish ab would pull their exit scam soon so that either dhl or dream can be the market . quote from symetry on january pmquote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it s so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it not sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santa . quote from saint nic on january amnot sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santai like dhl too and i m getting a nice stream of orders on it but they do not have the customer base that ab does i wish ab would pull their exit scam soon so that either dhl or dream can be the market . quote from symetry on january pmquote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it not sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santa . quote from symetry on january pmquote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but its so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it not sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santa . quote from saint nic on january amnot sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santai like dhl too and im getting a nice stream of orders on it but they do not have the customer base that ab does i wish ab would pull their exit scam soon so that either dhl or dream can be the market . quote from symetry on january pmquote from saint nic on january amwe will never again trust another market such as ab dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets as i find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and i am more than willing to pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it s so hard now to find a trustworthy market that also has masses of customers on it not sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santa . quote from saint nic on january amnot sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santai like dhl too and im getting a nice stream of orders on it but they do not have the customer base that ab does i wish ab would pull their exit scam soon so that either dhl or dream can be the market . quote from saint nic on january amnot sure if we were clear we will not trust a market like ab but from what we have seen of dhl we love it it will soon be an invite only market once it has had a certain amount of sign ups so join quickly santai like dhl too and i m getting a nice stream of orders on it but they do not have the customer base that ab does i wish ab would pull their exit scam soon so that either dhl or dream can be the market . i find this needs its own thread so one of dhls main selling points is automatic withdrawals my automatic escrow withdrawals take up to hours to process were not talking blockchain stuff and my automatic direct deposits just disappear my last direct automatic withdrawal eventually showed up after i complained but one i did over hours ago is still ma and direct withdrawals have absolutely no record whatsoever on dh l at least with the escrow automatic withdrawals you can see that it is processing so even if it takes hours you can at least see it is still there but withdrawals on direct deals just vanish there is no record whatsoever so unless you are constantly watching your wallet like i do it could be very very easy to forget about this ghost withdrawal and never know that it didnt hit or just confuse it with another withdrawal and think you actually got paid when you didnt bottom line vendors on dhl you need to pay very close attention to your withdrawals on your direct deals to make sure you get paid i suggest to dhl you make changes personally i much prefer to make my own withdrawals withdrawals on ab to my wallet min withdraws on draem market to my wallet seconds withdrawals on dhl to hours on escrow and ghost withdrawals on direct deals not good . hmmm just yesterday i was looking at my wallet and it looked like a few direct deals never hit from dhl glad its not just me . hmmm just yesterday i was looking at my wallet and it looked like a few direct deals never hit from dhl glad its not just me . i find this needs its own thread so one of dhls main selling points is automatic withdrawals my automatic escrow withdrawals take up to hours to process were not talking blockchain stuff and my automatic direct deposits just disappear my last direct automatic withdrawal eventually showed up after i complained but one i did over hours ago is still ma and direct withdrawals have absolutely no record whatsoever on dh l at least with the escrow automatic withdrawals you can see that it is processing so even if it takes hours you can at least see it is still there but withdrawals on direct deals just vanish there is no record whatsoever so unless you are constantly watching your wallet like i do it could be very very easy to forget about this ghost withdrawal and never know that it didnt hit or just confuse it with another withdrawal and think you actually got paid when you didnt bottom line vendors on dhl you need to pay very close attention to your withdrawals on your direct deals to make sure you get paid i suggest to dhl you make changes personally i much prefer to make my own withdrawals withdrawals on ab to my wallet min withdraws on draem market to my wallet seconds withdrawals on dhl to hours on escrow and ghost withdrawals on direct deals not good . i find this needs its own thread so one of dhls main selling points is automatic withdrawals my automatic escrow withdrawals take up to hours to process were not talking blockchain stuff and my automatic direct deposits just disappear my last direct automatic withdrawal eventually showed up after i complained but one i did over hours ago is still ma and direct withdrawals have absolutely no record whatsoever on dh l at least with the escrow automatic withdrawals you can see that it is processing so even if it takes hours you can at least see it is still there but withdrawals on direct deals just vanish there is no record whatsoever so unless you are constantly watching your wallet like i do it could be very very easy to forget about this ghost withdrawal and never know that it didnt hit or just confuse it with another withdrawal and think you actually got paid when you didnt bottom line vendors on dhl you need to pay very close attention to your withdrawals on your direct deals to make sure you get paid i suggest to dhl you make changes personally i much prefer to make my own withdrawals withdrawals on ab to my wallet min withdraws on draem market to my wallet seconds withdrawals on dhl to hours on escrow and ghost withdrawals on direct deals not good . hmmm just yesterday i was looking at my wallet and it looked like a few direct deals never hit from dhl glad its not just me . that must be weird as a vendor were the market admins of any assistance . i think what happens is the btc is hedged so if the coin goes up or down you still get the dollar amount so the exact order amount may not appear in your wallet from each order becuase of this making it appear as if you didnt recieve transactions even direct deals can take hours or more and coin can shift also doesn help if you have deposits from other places going into the same wallet everything adds up in my wallet so in not concerned but i will be keeping a closer eye on it i doubt theres anyting fishy going on theres alot of vendors on there and some big ones alot of people would be complaing . a recipt would be nice like to history . support on dhl is always quick even when i mark ticket low priority after spending some time matching everything up it looks like i have received all funds im due but it is confusing and i feel like i have to be a part time accountant to keep track of everything i wish manual withdrawal would be an option . support on dhl is always quick even when i mark ticket low priority after spending some time matching everything up it looks like i have received all funds im due but it is confusing and i feel like i have to be a part time accountant to keep track of everything i wish manual withdrawal would be an option . that must be weird as a vendor were the market admins of any assistance . i think what happens is the btc is hedged so if the coin goes up or down you still get the dollar amount so the exact order amount may not appear in your wallet from each order becuase of this making it appear as if you didnt recieve transactions even direct deals can take hours or more and coin can shift also doesn help if you have deposits from other places going into the same wallet everything adds up in my wallet so in not concerned but i will be keeping a closer eye on it i doubt theres anyting fishy going on theres alot of vendors on there and some big ones alot of people would be complaing . a recipt would be nice like to history . i think what happens is the btc is hedged so if the coin goes up or down you still get the dollar amount so the exact order amount may not appear in your wallet from each order becuase of this making it appear as if you didnt recieve transactions even direct deals can take hours or more and coin can shift also doesn help if you have deposits from other places going into the same wallet everything adds up in my wallet so in not concerned but i will be keeping a closer eye on it i doubt theres anyting fishy going on theres alot of vendors on there and some big ones alot of people would be complaing . support on dhl is always quick even when i mark ticket low priority after spending some time matching everything up it looks like i have received all funds im due but it is confusing and i feel like i have to be a part time accountant to keep track of everything i wish manual withdrawal would be an option . a recipt would be nice like to history . that must be weird as a vendor were the market admins of any assistance . they definitely need a withdrawal history page dhl is new and still in the early stages they could use a faq for one thing i dont expect to make a fortune on it but its nice to have a couple backups in case one of your markets goes down i remember all too well thinking bmr was the only market i needed and that it would always be up its either an exit scam or they make enough money they want to retire with a history page you can see at a glance what is going on . they definitely need a withdrawal history page dhl is new and still in the early stages they could use a faq for one thing i dont expect to make a fortune on it but its nice to have a couple backups in case one of your markets goes down i remember all too well thinking bmr was the only market i needed and that it would always be up its either an exit scam or they make enough money they want to retire with a history page you can see at a glance what is going on . i almost joined alphabet i put in an application and didnt get a reply so i said fuck it turns out i may have dodged a bullet sorry to hear you got ripped off symetry . i almost joined alphabet i put in an application and didnt get a reply so i said fuck it turns out i may have dodged a bullet sorry to hear you got ripped off symetry . i almost joined alphabet i put in an application and didnt get a reply so i said fuck it turns out i may have dodged a bullet sorry to hear you got ripped off symetry . they definitely need a withdrawal history page dhl is new and still in the early stages they could use a faq for one thing i dont expect to make a fortune on it but its nice to have a couple backups in case one of your markets goes down i remember all too well thinking bmr was the only market i needed and that it would always be up its either an exit scam or they make enough money they want to retire with a history page you can see at a glance what is going on . alphabay is owned by the dn mods i am sure of that they own it including some of the new markets they dont have a small market suitable enough to take first place after they exit so they are building up others to do that i suspect oasis market thug market and i think they are the eve guys oasis looks too much like evo and alpha bay nearly functions like it but looks different . alphabay is owned by the dn mods i am sure of that they own it including some of the new markets they dont have a small market suitable enough to take first place after they exit so they are building up others to do that i suspect oasis market thug market and i think they are the eve guys oasis looks too much like evo and alpha bay nearly functions like it but looks different . hey family i know this is tough time to pick a market to trust as of late if i were to put my money into any marketplace it would either be del nucleus if you cant trust them i would definitely stay private and take comms on a forum or email just my two cents in the end i suppose if you have to use a marketplace you need to put your trust someplace eventually would be cautious and do my research before moving forward i am sorry you are having this issue symmetry i hope you can get it resolved some how favourably good lucky . hey family i know this is tough time to pick a market to trust as of late if i were to put my money into any marketplace it would either be del nucleus if you cant trust them i would definitely stay private and take comms on a forum or email just my two cents in the end i suppose if you have to use a marketplace you need to put your trust someplace eventually would be cautious and do my research before moving forward i am sorry you are having this issue symmetry i hope you can get it resolved some how favourably good lucky . 