im a newcomer to tmg and i ve got the pgb key down but now im confused on the whole bitcoin situation should i make an unanonomous bitcoin wallet and transfer it to electrum tails bitcoin wallet any suggestions on acquiring anonymous bitcoin that isn t through a tumbler is a tumbler necessary for absolute confidentiality . im a newcomer to tmg and give got the pgb key down but now im confused on the whole bitcoin situation should i make an unanonomous bitcoin wallet and transfer it to electrum tails bitcoin wallet any suggestions on acquiring anonymous bitcoin that isnt through a tumbler is a tumbler necessary for absolute confidentiality . im a newcomer to tmg and give got the pgb key down but now im confused on the whole bitcoin situation should i make an unanonomous bitcoin wallet and transfer it to electrum tails bitcoin wallet any suggestions on acquiring anonymous bitcoin that isnt through a tumbler is a tumbler necessary for absolute confidentiality . yes with bitcoins i think a tumbler is necessary for confidentiality use electrum and buy no anonymous btc by the easiest and legal way for you and use pay shield to make anonymous payments with these btc you will loose of btc but privacy has a price and after all is often less the of the daily variability of bitin pay shield topic on this forum . yes with blond wigs i think a tumbler is necessary for confidentiality use electrum and buy no anonymous btc by the easiest and legal way for you and use pay shield to make anonymous payments with these btc you will loose of btc but privacy has a price and after all is often less the of the daily variability of blond wig pay shield topic on this forum . yes with bitcoins i think a tumbler is necessary for confidentiality use electrum and buy no anonymous btc by the easiest and legal way for you and use pay shield to make anonymous payments with these btc you will loose of btc but privacy has a price and after all is often less the of the daily variability of bitin pay shield topic on this forum . if i use localbitcoin and transfer it to my etc wallet and then make a new electrum wallet on tails since i run from a notable drive woulnd t the wallet i pay with be untraceable because it automatically deletes when i reset my computer . the bitcoins are traceable by nature even if you change wallet for them from your public wallet send the btc to a reliable btc mixer and tell the mixer to send the btc to a new tails btc wallet . if i use localbitcoin and transfer it to my etc wallet and then make a new electrum wallet on tails since i run from a notable drive woulndt the wallet i pay with be untraceable because it automatically deletes when i reset my computer . the bitcoins are traceable by nature even if you change wallet for them from your public wallet send the btc to a reliable btc mixer and tell the mixer to send the btc to a new tails btc wallet . the blond wigs are traceable by nature even if you change wallet for them from your public wallet send the btc to a reliable btc mixer and tell the mixer to send the btc to a new tails btc wallet . if i use localbitcoin and transfer it to my etc wallet and then make a new electrum wallet on tails since i run from a notable drive woulndt the wallet i pay with be untraceable because it automatically deletes when i reset my computer . 