hey guys thought it would be cool to give recognition to those who donate to the site and help us move forward i personally feel this is the only community i would donate to myself i will be sending worth of coins later today lets give some recognition to those helping post below with how much youve donated so far also mods if youd like to chime in with what these donations will go to that would be sweet future updates or projects planned ect ect . hey guys thought it would be cool to give recognition to those who donate to the site and help us move forward i personally feel this is the only community i would donate to myself i will be sending worth of coins later today lets give some recognition to those helping post below with how much you ve donate so far also mods if you d like to chime in with what these donations will go to that would be sweet future updates or projects planned ect ect . hey guys thought it would be cool to give recognition to those who donate to the site and help us move forward i personally feel this is the only community i would donate to myself i will be sending worth of coins later today lets give some recognition to those helping post below with how much youve donated so far also mods if youd like to chime in with what these donations will go to that would be sweet future updates or projects planned ect ect . quote from dankbank on march pmi see your sarcasm nice jobit is the lowest form of wit after all have you ever heard the parable of the pharisee and the tax collector . after all it aint charity unless people know about it . quote from dankbank on march pmi see your sarcasm nice jobit is the lowest form of wit after all have you ever heard the parable of the pharisee and the tax collector . quote from hypotheticalbananas on march pmafter all it ain t charity unless people know about it see your sarcasm nice job . after all it ain t charity unless people know about it . quote from dankbank on march pmi see your sarcasm nice jobit is the lowest form of wit after all have you ever heard the parable of the pharisee and the tax collector . quote from hypotheticalbananas on march pmafter all it aint charity unless people know about it see your sarcasm nice job . quote from hypotheticalbananas on march pmafter all it aint charity unless people know about it see your sarcasm nice job . after all it aint charity unless people know about it . 