hi when im logging in to agora i can see the image of the terrorist at the top but i cant see the captcha it s probably something i have forget or it is a page problem if you have any idea plz tell methanks for answer . hi when im logging in to agora i can see the image of the terrorist at the top but i cant see the captcha it s probably something i have forget or it is a page problem if you have any idea plz tell methanks for answer . hi when im logging in to agora i can see the image of the terrorist at the top but i cant see the captcha it s probably something i have forget or it is a page problem if you have any idea plz tell methanks for answer . hi when im logging in to agora i can see the image of the terrorist at the top but i cant see the captcha it s probably something i have forget or it is a page problem if you have any idea plz tell methanks for answer . when agra performance is slow for whatever reaso not unusual the catchpa takes longer to load and occasionally things hang at that point hopefully a temporary problem of course make sure youre using the correct address agorahooawayyfoe onion which alfred confirms here . when agra performance is slow for whatever reaso not unusual the catchpa takes longer to load and occasionally things hang at that point hopefully a temporary problem of course make sure youre using the correct address agorahooawayyfoe onion which alfred confirms here . when agra performance is slow for whatever reaso not unusual the catchpa takes longer to load and occasionally things hang at that point hopefully a temporary problem of course make sure youre using the correct address agorahooawayyfoe onion which alfred confirms here . when agra performance is slow for whatever reaso not unusual the catchpa takes longer to load and occasionally things hang at that point hopefully a temporary problem of course make sure youre using the correct address agorahooawayyfoe onion which alfred confirms here . hi is there any way to move money with bitcoin from one country to another withought paying the taxes that you usually have to pay if you do it via banks cheers . it is possible but difficult and nobody is going to give their secrets up bitcoin itself can be moved anywhere the problem comes at the entry and exit points it is very hard to purchase large amounts of bticoin anonymously in the united states i cant speak for europe but it seems most of the developed world is going that way check the markets for bitcoin in your country and the country you want to send your money to see what id reqs there are in sure there are some bitcoin havens left in the world but then the question becomes do you want to live in those places do you want to store your money in those places etc . it is possible but difficult and nobody is going to give their secrets up bitcoin itself can be moved anywhere the problem comes at the entry and exit points it is very hard to purchase large amounts of bticoin anonymously in the united states i cant speak for europe but it seems most of the developed world is going that way check the markets for bitcoin in your country and the country you want to send your money to see what id reqs there are in sure there are some bitcoin havens left in the world but then the question becomes do you want to live in those places do you want to store your money in those places etc . it is possible but difficult and nobody is going to give their secrets up bitcoin itself can be moved anywhere the problem comes at the entry and exit points it is very hard to purchase large amounts of bticoin anonymously in the united states i cant speak for europe but it seems most of the developed world is going that way check the markets for bitcoin in your country and the country you want to send your money to see what id reqs there are in sure there are some bitcoin havens left in the world but then the question becomes do you want to live in those places do you want to store your money in those places etc . hi is there any way to move money with bitcoin from one country to another withought paying the taxes that you usually have to pay if you do it via banks cheers . it is possible but difficult and nobody is going to give their secrets up bitcoin itself can be moved anywhere the problem comes at the entry and exit points it is very hard to purchase large amounts of bticoin anonymously in the united states i cant speak for europe but it seems most of the developed world is going that way check the markets for bitcoin in your country and the country you want to send your money to see what id reqs there are in sure there are some bitcoin havens left in the world but then the question becomes do you want to live in those places do you want to store your money in those places etc . hi is there any way to move money with bitcoin from one country to another withought paying the taxes that you usually have to pay if you do it via banks cheers . hi is there any way to move money with bitcoin from one country to another withought paying the taxes that you usually have to pay if you do it via banks cheers . so i m triiying to enter agra since i heard site is up again but when i try to enter a message jump saying check the file name for capitalization or other tying errors check to see if the file was moved renamed or deleted any idea whats happening i double check and i write it of i m kind of new is this normal agora process . yes this is normal agra behavior it came back up for awhile and then went down again . so i m triiying to enter agra since i heard site is up again but when i try to enter a message jump saying check the file name for capitalization or other tying errors check to see if the file was moved renamed or deleted any idea whats happening i double check and i write it of i m kind of new is this normal agora process . yes this is normal agra behavior it came back up for awhile and then went down again . so i m triiying to enter agra since i heard site is up again but when i try to enter a message jump saying check the file name for capitalization or other tying errors check to see if the file was moved renamed or deleted any idea whats happening i double check and i write it of i m kind of new is this normal agora process . yes this is normal agra behavior it came back up for awhile and then went down again . file not found down for maintenance . file not found down for maintenance . file not found down for maintenance . 