hey guys any one know how to see the amount of btc in escrow on agora thankswilfredwoof . hey guys any one know how to see the amount of btc in escrow on agora thankswilfredwoof . hey guys any one know how to see the amount of btc in escrow on agora thankswilfredwoof . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . staff is backing up there stuff and getting ready to leave town with all our btc . anyone else seeing this message on s homepage has the sr logo and below it has staff is investigating unusual server load check back in thirty minutes reloading the page does not help any one else getting this . downtime investigating unusual server load plate utc on today at am plate after further investigation this issue is more serious than we expected we are taking the site offline immediately to ensure we find the root of the problem quickly update the site is back online as we continue to investigate we have disabled the accounts generating the unusual load staff has taken the marketplace offline for planned maintenance to investigate unusual server load in response to a safeguard alert i will update this post with more information as we investigate the issue last edit today at pm by defcon . well this isnt lookin good their are a lot of un happy customers here what in the hell do you all think is going on . anyone else seeing this message on s homepage has the sr logo and below it has staff is investigating unusual server load check back in thirty minutes reloading the page does not help any one else getting this . well this isnt lookin good their are a lot of un happy customers here what in the hell do you all think is going on . staff is backing up there stuff and getting ready to leave town with all our btc . well this isnt lookin good their are a lot of un happy customers here what in the hell do you all think is going on . downtime investigating unusual server load plate utc on today at am plate after further investigation this issue is more serious than we expected we are taking the site offline immediately to ensure we find the root of the problem quickly update the site is back online as we continue to investigate we have disabled the accounts generating the unusual load staff has taken the marketplace offline for planned maintenance to investigate unusual server load in response to a safeguard alert i will update this post with more information as we investigate the issue last edit today at pm by defcon . staff is backing up there stuff and getting ready to leave town with all our btc . downtime investigating unusual server load plate utc on today at am plate after further investigation this issue is more serious than we expected we are taking the site offline immediately to ensure we find the root of the problem quickly update the site is back online as we continue to investigate we have disabled the accounts generating the unusual load staff has taken the marketplace offline for planned maintenance to investigate unusual server load in response to a safeguard alert i will update this post with more information as we investigate the issue last edit today at pm by defcon . anyone else seeing this message on s homepage has the sr logo and below it has staff is investigating unusual server load check back in thirty minutes reloading the page does not help any one else getting this . downtime investigating unusual server load plate utc on today at am plate after further investigation this issue is more serious than we expected we are taking the site offline immediately to ensure we find the root of the problem quickly update the site is back online as we continue to investigate we have disabled the accounts generating the unusual load staff has taken the marketplace offline for planned maintenance to investigate unusual server load in response to a safeguard alert i will update this post with more information as we investigate the issue last edit today at pm by defcon . staff is backing up there stuff and getting ready to leave town with all our btc . well this isnt lookin good their are a lot of un happy customers here what in the hell do you all think is going on . anyone else seeing this message on s homepage has the sr logo and below it has staff is investigating unusual server load check back in thirty minutes reloading the page does not help any one else getting this . alice just opened a thread on the forum explaining why pandora is down it will be up again in max hours a . alice just opened a thread on the forum explaining why pandora is down it will be up again in max hours a . is pandora down wont load for me . agora is down too spooks . agora is down too spooks . is pandora down wont load for me . alice just opened a thread on the forum explaining why pandora is down it will be up again in max hours a . agora is down too spooks . is pandora down wont load for me . agora is down too spooks . is pandora down wont load for me . alice just opened a thread on the forum explaining why pandora is down it will be up again in max hours a . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . one option is to use gog usb from inside a truecrypt container you keep on your laptop or on a flash drive if you like to use thunderbird for email you can use portable thunderbird with gpg and enigmail also from a truecrypt container see the clearnet guide at . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . for just different gpg us folders inside truecrypt containers thats going to be the easiest to manage and the simplest to do for a layman windows user and gpg usb is really small in size so its not too costly to do that in terms of space . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . hey guys just a quick questiion i have not found a good solution for how to you manage you pgp keys i collect some customers ones and i have around private keys i need to access on a regular basis i am using gpa windows but it stores all my private public keys for anyone to see i have been deleting them and importing them each time i need them but its a pain in the ass you cant import more than one key at a time etc any better ways . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . i keep them on my tails os persistence volume which is the encrusted part of my us and i keep a backup tails on another usb just in case i have my keys stored on there aswell encrypted ofcourse a . on linus unix or osx you can create a symbolic link which points to an encrusted file or drive where the pgp keys are stored that way they arent available to anyone unless you decrypt on windows im not sure if there is a similar feature but if you can specify a different key storage directory or file then you can place that file in a truecrypt encrusted file so its only available while that file is in a decrypted state someone turning on your computer wont see the keys that are registered unless they can decrypt the file you can even place your pgp program itself in the truecrypt file so no one would know you even have that program on your machine unless they can decrypt the file . 