hello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanx . quote from protectedone on may amhello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanxthe first thing you must realize is that tmg is not a centralized market this forum and jebusite doesnt have a wallet to transfer funds to in order to order from a vendor you send them a pm the little cloud looking thing below their name and then you tell them what you want they will give you a bitin address from which you will send bitcoins to in the exact amount usually based of bitstamp rate that the item you are ordering is worth it is important to note that this is the equivalent of a finale early on other markets as you will pay for your product up front however each vendor here has past the test of time and has proved themselves to be trustworthy . hey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheers . hey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheers . its all here po just take some time to look around on this wonderful site . its all here po just take some time to look around on this wonderful site . hey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheers . quote from protectedone on may amhello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanxthe first thing you must realize is that tmg is not a centralized market this forum and jebusite doesnt have a wallet to transfer funds to in order to order from a vendor you send them a pm the little cloud looking thing below their name and then you tell them what you want they will give you a bitin address from which you will send bitcoins to in the exact amount usually based of bitstamp rate that the item you are ordering is worth it is important to note that this is the equivalent of a finale early on other markets as you will pay for your product up front however each vendor here has past the test of time and has proved themselves to be trustworthy . hello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanx . it s all here po just take some time to look around on this wonderful site . quote from protectedone on may amhello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn t find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanxthe first thing you must realize is that tmg is not a centralized market this forum and jebusite doesn t have a wallet to transfer funds to in order to order from a vendor you send them a pm the little cloud looking thing below their name and then you tell them what you want they will give you a bitin address from which you will send bitcoins to in the exact amount usually based of bitstamp rate that the item you are ordering is worth it is important to note that this is the equivalent of a finale early on other markets as you will pay for your product up front however each vendor here has past the test of time and has proved themselves to be trustworthy . hello all i am new here and i dont know how to transfer bitcoins to my account tmg i tried looking all over couldn t find anything on sr i can go to my account and do it all and another question how can i purchase an item from a vendor when i solve the first issue please help thanx . welcome home . welcome home . quote from protectedone on may pmhey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheerswelcome protectedone i hope you find what yoru looking for feel free to ask questions need anything let us know lsda . welcome home . quote from protectedone on may pmhey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheerswelcome protectedone i hope you find what yoru looking for feel free to ask questions need anything let us know lsda . quote from protectedone on may pmhey guys thank you so much for taking the time to share these info sounds all intersting cheerswelcome protectedone i hope you find what yoru looking for feel free to ask questions need anything let us know lsda . 