i know people who use a pencil i just use a pen it doesn t matter just don t get caught with it separated this is why i usually prefer perforated hits . how would i go about divvying up blotters on this type of paper that i received . how would i go about divvying up blotters on this type of paper that i received . thin penciling anduse scissors to cut . i know people who use a pencil i just use a pen it doesnt matter just done get caught with it separated this is why i usually prefer perforated hits . inches by inches thats each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches . quote from blue dream on june pm inches by inches thats each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches this exactly this i just use a mechanical pencil as it doesnt leave to deep or dark of markings and any sharp clean pair of scissors should do . as blue dream said definitely do the x and just cut off however many people need in one chunk that is the standard size for an individual blotter it seems . thin penciling anduse scissors to cut . as blue dream said definitely do the x and just cut off however many people need in one chunk that is the standard size for an individual blotter it seems . quote from blue dream on june pm inches by inches thats each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches this exactly this i just use a mechanical pencil as it doesnt leave to deep or dark of markings and any sharp clean pair of scissors should do . quote from blue dream on june pm inches by inches that s each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches this exactly this i just use a mechanical pencil as it doesn t leave to deep or dark of markings and any sharp clean pair of scissors should do . inches by inches that s each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches . thin penciling anduse scissors to cut . as blue dream said definitely do the x and just cut off however many people need in one chunk that is the standard size for an individual blotter it seems . i know people who use a pencil i just use a pen it doesnt matter just done get caught with it separated this is why i usually prefer perforated hits . how would i go about divvying up blotters on this type of paper that i received . inches by inches thats each individual hit so take a ruler and measure it the entire sheet should be by inches . thank you kindly everyone . give never had any sort of perforated blotter already marked like that o that would make me quite mad actually if it was supposed to be a blank perforated sheet and someone drew in the lines . i use a razor blade with a ruler to score tens individual doses out so i dont need to put ink pencil on my paper but its rarely necessary since everyone seems to send wow with pencil lines pre drawn p . thank you kindly everyone . give never had any sort of perforated blotter already marked like that o that would make me quite mad actually if it was supposed to be a blank perforated sheet and someone drew in the lines . i use a razor blade with a ruler to score tens individual doses out so i dont need to put ink pencil on my paper but its rarely necessary since everyone seems to send wow with pencil lines pre drawn p . i use a razor blade with a ruler to score tens individual doses out so i don t need to put ink pencil on my paper but it s rarely necessary since everyone seems to send wow with pencil lines pre drawn p . i ve never had any sort of perforated blotter already marked like that o that would make me quite mad actually if it was supposed to be a blank perforated sheet and someone drew in the lines . thank you kindly everyone . 