many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately . quote from avon on november many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately there already i just done see ship over there does look like a nice place if they had more action i see more vendors on a b . well peeps just made my st order on a b after communicating with a few vendors and quick response times i think i found a resting stop to roll a fat bat of some gsc and sip on some chardonay yay hahaha . many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately . many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately . quote from avon on november many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately there already i just done see ship over there does look like a nice place if they had more action i see more vendors on a b . well peeps just made my st order on a b after communicating with a few vendors and quick response times i think i found a resting stop to roll a fat bat of some gsc and sip on some chardonay yay hahaha . well peeps just made my st order on a b after communicating with a few vendors and quick response times i think i found a resting stop to roll a fat bat of some gsc and sip on some chardonay yay hahaha . quote from avon on november many stories of alphabay admins stealing btc not sure if they are true but they are carders originally associated with evolution dream market has been my preference lately there already i just done see ship over there does look like a nice place if they had more action i see more vendors on a b . quote from wowplaceofficia on november amits a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with i always use the fa authentication no matter what can afford to lose anythinfg atm . its a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with . quote from wowplaceofficia on november amits a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with i always use the fa authentication no matter what can afford to lose anythinfg atm . its a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with . quote from wowplaceofficia on november amits a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with i always use the fa authentication no matter what can afford to lose anythinfg atm . its a nice place with a good activities in my opinion make sure that you will enable pgp with your account otherwise you will click on phishing link and will loose all your money that happened to me and loss was over dollars but it was a lesson a good lesson for me ll design wise its nice and simple place there are some scammers as everywhere but you just have to be careful about links and who you dealing with . well orders on a b so far things seem to be running smoothly atm no signs yet of thievery unlike those scamming cunts nimble verto with that evo fed site i noticed bs over there in a matter of days as for abraxas kinda dissapointed but hey i only lost feel for those who lost more . with time we will see the true intentions of a b with the site growing the way it is of there thinking of pulling the plug it will be soon we will see with time . well orders on a b so far things seem to be running smoothly atm no signs yet of thievery unlike those scamming cunts nimble verto with that evo fed site i noticed bs over there in a matter of days as for abraxas kinda dissapointed but hey i only lost feel for those who lost more . with time we will see the true intentions of a b with the site growing the way it is of there thinking of pulling the plug it will be soon we will see with time . with time we will see the true intentions of a b with the site growing the way it is of there thinking of pulling the plug it will be soon we will see with time . well orders on a b so far things seem to be running smoothly atm no signs yet of thievery unlike those scamming cunts nimble verto with that evo fed site i noticed bs over there in a matter of days as for abraxas kinda dissapointed but hey i only lost feel for those who lost more . a b has always worked fine for me i prefer trust dream more though . a b has always worked fine for me i prefer trust dream more though . a b has always worked fine for me i prefer trust dream more though . i have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avon . i have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avon . i have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avon . quote from avon on november pmi have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avonbut do you see how many more users have locked since these updates granted i do agree maybe they are promoting long term users with a better i just hard to tell my preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink . quote from avon on november pmi have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avonbut do you see how many more users have locked since these updates granted i do agree maybe they are promoting long term users with a better i just hard to tell my preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink . quote from avon on november pmi have recently changed my opinion of a b their new features are unique and i dont feel they would be unrolling all these updates just to up and run ab looks solid to me and we will be vending there now see our signature for our ab profile and an ab referral if needed avonbut do you see how many more users have locked since these updates granted i do agree maybe they are promoting long term users with a better i just hard to tell my preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink . quote from jaxinshit on november pmmy preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink totally agree as long as you keep your btc off market and in a safe place than your loss should be animal even if a market does exit scam or get seized . quote from jaxinshit on november pmmy preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink totally agree as long as you keep your btc off market and in a safe place than your loss should be animal even if a market does exit scam or get seized . quote from jaxinshit on november pmmy preaching is to remind everyone not to get to comfortable buy but withdraw your coins after purchase remember your wallet can disappear faster than you can blink totally agree as long as you keep your btc off market and in a safe place than your loss should be animal even if a market does exit scam or get seized . i also like alphabay not enough for me to ever consider selling something there without multi sig required however . i also like alphabay not enough for me to ever consider selling something there without multi sig required however . i also like alphabay not enough for me to ever consider selling something there without multi sig required however . 