quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go this would be a good idea but theres something fishy about s newbie section i got banned for suggesting there is life beyond sr and re registered you cant post on the main threads until you hit posts but the comment catchpa is designed to be virtual unreadable so it takes multiply guesses to get it right i gave up after i think this is specifically designed to keep new old people out of the forum discussion which is a one big mutual self congratulatory wank fest actually bored as i am with the forum down a wank fest might be just the ticket . come on evilgrin we all know the big money is in the forum game . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go haha this . quote from alibaba on june amquote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down inn it dont get faster when you post this everywhere you have no other option to wait if you are not happy with it you can go to silk road to evo or somewhere you done have to buy you items on agora its free to you . agora should look into cloudflare . i highly doubt it will be down forever you just got ta wait in the meantime please enjoy your stay here and feel free to utilize this sub for all your conversating and vendor reviewing needs doing such things when a forum is down is one of the main purposes of this forum . quote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down innit . ddos is something any market should be prepared to deal with there are plenty of ways to work around a ddos it seems agra don t really give a shit coz its only the forum forums are a lot more important than they think without forum they will lose a lot of users for sure get your shit together . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go haha this . sr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go haha this . quote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down innit . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go this would be a good idea but theres something fishy about s newbie section i got banned for suggesting there is life beyond sr and re registered you cant post on the main threads until you hit posts but the comment catchpa is designed to be virtual unreadable so it takes multiply guesses to get it right i gave up after i think this is specifically designed to keep new old people out of the forum discussion which is a one big mutual self congratulatory wank fest actually bored as i am with the forum down a wank fest might be just the ticket . massive lol competing forum i doubt the hub would spend the money on a do attack when they you know would get no money out of it not that i think they would if there were a momentary benefit but i would like to point out for the thinking people on these forums you may think markets attacking eachother is a silly idea but it does happen and it does happen quite frequently i have spoken to a good handful of admins from various markets and give learned that no matter how respectable you think an admin is it does not mean they dont play dirty when it comes down to business . come on evilgrin we all know the big money is in the forum game . quote from surnamed on june pm but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here lololol u got the silliest answer of the day award on this one no offence intended tho . massive lol competing forum i doubt the hub would spend the money on a do attack when they you know would get no money out of it not that i think they would if there were a momentary benefit but i would like to point out for the thinking people on these forums you may think markets attacking eachother is a silly idea but it does happen and it does happen quite frequently i have spoken to a good handful of admins from various markets and give learned that no matter how respectable you think an admin is it does not mean they dont play dirty when it comes down to business . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go haha this . ddos is something any market should be prepared to deal with there are plenty of ways to work around a ddos it seems agra don t really give a shit coz its only the forum forums are a lot more important than they think without forum they will lose a lot of users for sure get your shit together . agora should look into cloudflare . sr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go . since it is the forums being attacked i find it unlikely that a competing market would care to down just the board but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here . quote from alibaba on june amquote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down inn it dont get faster when you post this everywhere you have no other option to wait if you are not happy with it you can go to silk road to evo or somewhere you done have to buy you items on agora its free to you . sr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go this would be a good idea but theres something fishy about s newbie section i got banned for suggesting there is life beyond sr and re registered you cant post on the main threads until you hit posts but the comment catchpa is designed to be virtual unreadable so it takes multiply guesses to get it right i gave up after i think this is specifically designed to keep new old people out of the forum discussion which is a one big mutual self congratulatory wank fest actually bored as i am with the forum down a wank fest might be just the ticket . i highly doubt it will be down forever you just got ta wait in the meantime please enjoy your stay here and feel free to utilize this sub for all your conversating and vendor reviewing needs doing such things when a forum is down is one of the main purposes of this forum . aqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums . massive lol competing forum i doubt the hub would spend the money on a do attack when they you know would get no money out of it not that i think they would if there were a momentary benefit but i would like to point out for the thinking people on these forums you may think markets attacking eachother is a silly idea but it does happen and it does happen quite frequently i have spoken to a good handful of admins from various markets and give learned that no matter how respectable you think an admin is it does not mean they dont play dirty when it comes down to business . quote from surnamed on june pm but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here lololol u got the silliest answer of the day award on this one no offence intended tho . quote from alibaba on june amquote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down inn it dont get faster when you post this everywhere you have no other option to wait if you are not happy with it you can go to silk road to evo or somewhere you done have to buy you items on agora its free to you . since it is the forums being attacked i find it unlikely that a competing market would care to down just the board but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here . sr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go . aqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums . quote from surnamed on june pm but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here lololol u got the silliest answer of the day award on this one no offence intended tho . come on evilgrin we all know the big money is in the forum game . agora should look into cloudflare . i highly doubt it will be down forever you just got ta wait in the meantime please enjoy your stay here and feel free to utilize this sub for all your conversating and vendor reviewing needs doing such things when a forum is down is one of the main purposes of this forum . since it is the forums being attacked i find it unlikely that a competing market would care to down just the board but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here . quote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down innit . ddos is something any market should be prepared to deal with there are plenty of ways to work around a ddos it seems agra don t really give a shit coz its only the forum forums are a lot more important than they think without forum they will lose a lot of users for sure get your shit together . aqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums . quote from alibaba on june amquote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down inn it dont get faster when you post this everywhere you have no other option to wait if you are not happy with it you can go to silk road to evo or somewhere you done have to buy you items on agora its free to you . come on evilgrin we all know the big money is in the forum game . massive lol competing forum i doubt the hub would spend the money on a do attack when they you know would get no money out of it not that i think they would if there were a momentary benefit but i would like to point out for the thinking people on these forums you may think markets attacking eachother is a silly idea but it does happen and it does happen quite frequently i have spoken to a good handful of admins from various markets and give learned that no matter how respectable you think an admin is it does not mean they dont play dirty when it comes down to business . since it is the forums being attacked i find it unlikely that a competing market would care to down just the board but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here . ddos is something any market should be prepared to deal with there are plenty of ways to work around a ddos it seems agra don t really give a shit coz its only the forum forums are a lot more important than they think without forum they will lose a lot of users for sure get your shit together . quote from xandz on june amaqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums everyone is happy when the forum is down innit . i highly doubt it will be down forever you just got ta wait in the meantime please enjoy your stay here and feel free to utilize this sub for all your conversating and vendor reviewing needs doing such things when a forum is down is one of the main purposes of this forum . quote from surnamed on june pm but what about a competing forum could it be the hub is downing the ag board to drive more users here lololol u got the silliest answer of the day award on this one no offence intended tho . agora should look into cloudflare . quote from northwest nuggets on june pmsr is butt hurt about a link spammer lets all make throwaway accounts and go over to sr and use their forum until they get tired of us and let it go this would be a good idea but theres something fishy about s newbie section i got banned for suggesting there is life beyond sr and re registered you cant post on the main threads until you hit posts but the comment catchpa is designed to be virtual unreadable so it takes multiply guesses to get it right i gave up after i think this is specifically designed to keep new old people out of the forum discussion which is a one big mutual self congratulatory wank fest actually bored as i am with the forum down a wank fest might be just the ticket . aqgora is my main market and i rarely use the forums . this is one of the swam posts from the evo forum i guess chemcat thought that was really the agora admin lol when agora is down we all go to evo so the spammer is confused . they ought to relinquish all resources and efforts from the ag forum and redirect them to maintaining access to the a market we are all well able to communicate here on the hubs ag forum this is really sucking lately i hope now that i said that we can all get on there are plenty of buyers for dozens of markets . am able to access the forum but the marketplace still does not make it past the login page . i agree market forum santa clause i see eve others have put up multiply onion urls for their markets how effective is that for deflecting ddos attacks how challenging technically is it to implement i e how long for a lone smart code jockey agora person io lol . i agree market forum santa clause i see eve others have put up multiply onion urls for their markets how effective is that for deflecting ddos attacks how challenging technically is it to implement i e how long for a lone smart code jockey agora person io lol . am able to access the forum but the marketplace still does not make it past the login page . this is one of the swam posts from the evo forum i guess chemcat thought that was really the agora admin lol when agora is down we all go to evo so the spammer is confused . they ought to relinquish all resources and efforts from the ag forum and redirect them to maintaining access to the a market we are all well able to communicate here on the hubs ag forum this is really sucking lately i hope now that i said that we can all get on there are plenty of buyers for dozens of markets . am able to access the forum but the marketplace still does not make it past the login page . i agree market forum santa clause i see eve others have put up multiply onion urls for their markets how effective is that for deflecting ddos attacks how challenging technically is it to implement i e how long for a lone smart code jockey agora person io lol . this is one of the swam posts from the evo forum i guess chemcat thought that was really the agora admin lol when agora is down we all go to evo so the spammer is confused . they ought to relinquish all resources and efforts from the ag forum and redirect them to maintaining access to the a market we are all well able to communicate here on the hubs ag forum this is really sucking lately i hope now that i said that we can all get on there are plenty of buyers for dozens of markets . they ought to relinquish all resources and efforts from the ag forum and redirect them to maintaining access to the a market we are all well able to communicate here on the hubs ag forum this is really sucking lately i hope now that i said that we can all get on there are plenty of buyers for dozens of markets . am able to access the forum but the marketplace still does not make it past the login page . i agree market forum santa clause i see eve others have put up multiply onion urls for their markets how effective is that for deflecting ddos attacks how challenging technically is it to implement i e how long for a lone smart code jockey agora person io lol . this is one of the swam posts from the evo forum i guess chemcat thought that was really the agora admin lol when agora is down we all go to evo so the spammer is confused . 