does anyone know how i can get in contact with atomiclove i love her tabs and was doing business before agora went down i would like to get more and try their mdma as well . al is very active here in the community just message them here . al is very active here in the community just message them here . al is very active here in the community just message them here . does anyone know how i can get in contact with atomiclove i love her tabs and was doing business before agora went down i would like to get more and try their mdma as well . does anyone know how i can get in contact with atomiclove i love her tabs and was doing business before agora went down i would like to get more and try their mdma as well . were you trying to open their account profile here or message them there s a bubble below karma that lets you private message them . were you trying to open their account profile here or message them theres a bubble below karma that lets you private message them . for some reason when i tried to message al it said access denied i m assuming it is because i am a new user maybe i have to make a certain amount of posts before messaging . for some reason when i tried to message al it said access denied in assuming it is because i am a new user maybe i have to make a certain amount of posts before messaging . for some reason when i tried to message al it said access denied in assuming it is because i am a new user maybe i have to make a certain amount of posts before messaging . were you trying to open their account profile here or message them theres a bubble below karma that lets you private message them . did she respond to you i sent her a message but never got a response . although some messages dont appear in the sent messages tab in assuming it went through even though it failed to load a few times i did eventually see the confirmed message sent just odd nothing is in the sent folder . yeah i figured it out right after i posted that face palm thanks for the help though . yeah i figured it out right after i posted that face palm thanks for the help though . although some messages dont appear in the sent messages tab in assuming it went through even though it failed to load a few times i did eventually see the confirmed message sent just odd nothing is in the sent folder . did she respond to you i sent her a message but never got a response . although some messages don t appear in the sent messages tab i m assuming it went through even though it failed to load a few times i did eventually see the confirmed message sent just odd nothing is in the sent folder . yeah i figured it out right after i posted that face palm thanks for the help though . did she respond to you i sent her a message but never got a response . no i havent gotten a response on here or agora it seems she is on vacation mode atm hopefully everything is day on her end i really hope to here from her soon in much rather go through her then some of the other vendors atm her last batch was amazing and very clean . no i havent gotten a response on here or agora it seems she is on vacation mode atm hopefully everything is day on her end i really hope to here from her soon in much rather go through her then some of the other vendors atm her last batch was amazing and very clean . actually just got an update on agora saying she would be back soon but no specifics . no i haven t gotten a response on here or agora it seems she is on vacation mode atm hopefully everything is day on her end i really hope to here from her soon i d much rather go through her then some of the other vendors atm her last batch was amazing and very clean . actually just got an update on agora saying she would be back soon but no specifics . actually just got an update on agora saying she would be back soon but no specifics . 