i transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else . ok i figured it out they apparently added a new button below the deposit addresses you have to click to refresh your account balance works now thanks . quote from kalima on march ami transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else are you sure you sent it to sr and not a phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real sr dont take my word for this uri check yourself a week is way too long . ok i figured it out they apparently added a new button below the deposit addresses you have to click to refresh your account balance works now thanks . i transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else . quote from kalima on march ami transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else are you sure you sent it to sr and not a phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real sr dont take my word for this uri check yourself a week is way too long . ok i figured it out they apparently added a new button below the deposit addresses you have to click to refresh your account balance works now thanks . quote from kalima on march ami transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else are you sure you sent it to sr and not a phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real sr dont take my word for this uri check yourself a week is way too long . ok i figured it out they apparently added a new button below the deposit addresses you have to click to refresh your account balance works now thanks . i transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else . i transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else . quote from kalima on march ami transferred some money a week ago to silkroad using the bitcoin addresses it says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown up did my money disappear will it be repaid is this just me did this happen to anyone else are you sure you sent it to sr and not a phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real sr dont take my word for this uri check yourself a week is way too long . 