it was working perfectly for me until minutes ago . it was working perfectly for me until minutes ago . it was working perfectly for me until minutes ago . it was working perfectly for me until minutes ago . working fine for me maybe little bit slow but as usual . working fine for me maybe little bit slow but as usual . working fine for me maybe little bit slow but as usual . working fine for me maybe little bit slow but as usual . have been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that . have been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that . have been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that . have been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that . quote from mcbad on june pmhave been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that before you can start a new topic or post in any forum section you first need to click up posts only in the newbie section there re few spam threads you can do this in in newbie also need to click up pots before you can give out karma . quote from mcbad on june pmhave been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that before you can start a new topic or post in any forum section you first need to click up posts only in the newbie section there re few spam threads you can do this in in newbie also need to click up pots before you can give out karma . quote from mcbad on june pmhave been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that before you can start a new topic or post in any forum section you first need to click up posts only in the newbie section there re few spam threads you can do this in in newbie also need to click up pots before you can give out karma . quote from mcbad on june pmhave been registering recently to agora forum now i can login but there is now way to post new topic what s that before you can start a new topic or post in any forum section you first need to click up posts only in the newbie section there re few spam threads you can do this in in newbie also need to click up pots before you can give out karma . 