hypothetically i would consult the list of isps published by the tor project and would select one that is least of with a customer running a relay . the services you mention appear to be somewhat commercial am i wrong do you think just operating in a subtle fashion on the clear net is a liable option i ask as shineyflakes xanax king and i know a couple other vendors current operate them my concern would be that in each criminal indictment leas always mention them this info maybe found out after the fact your thoughts . godaddy com sooper reliable . you should host with sigaint in angle virginia kidding of course . hypothetically i would consult the list of isps published by the tor project and would select one that is least of with a customer running a relay . im not familiar with tor configuration a hosting provider will be my choice which hosting provider recommended hostie cxwr tza onion this one is real . godaddy com sooper reliable . the services you mention appear to be somewhat commercial am i wrong do you think just operating in a subtle fashion on the clear net is a liable option i ask as shineyflakes xanax king and i know a couple other vendors current operate them my concern would be that in each criminal indictment leas always mention them this info maybe found out after the fact your thoughts . avoid dedicated onion hosts go with hosts regular hosts and install tor and everything you need on them ecatel is a good host which refuses to take almost anything down and is pretty cheap although its reliability is a bit spotty it hosts controversial websites like masterchan as well as many botnets theres also flokinet which is more expensive but is of much higher quality they are both pro privacy theres also maxided which typical doesnt care what you do and has a wide selection of servers all of those take bitcoins i would suggest getting dedicated servers which are more secure than virtual servers ecatel has by far the cheapest dedicated servers . of course they are commercial did you expect an actual high quality free host . the one that nobody suggests cuz fbi will say to use their host lmao . avoid dedicated onion hosts go with hosts regular hosts and install tor and everything you need on them ecatel is a good host which refuses to take almost anything down and is pretty cheap although its reliability is a bit spotty it hosts controversial websites like masterchan as well as many botnets theres also flokinet which is more expensive but is of much higher quality they are both pro privacy theres also maxided which typical doesnt care what you do and has a wide selection of servers all of those take bitcoins i would suggest getting dedicated servers which are more secure than virtual servers ecatel has by far the cheapest dedicated servers . of course they are commercial did you expect an actual high quality free host . the one that nobody suggests cuz fbi will say to use their host lmao . you should host with sigaint in angle virginia kidding of course . im not familiar with tor configuration a hosting provider will be my choice which hosting provider recommended hostie cxwr tza onion this one is real . 