hello all am i the only one having trouble with azores new captcha system sometimes it fails to load at all other times it says i havent correctly identified the characters seems like such a simple issue a lot of dams tend to struggle with . hello all am i the only one having trouble with azores new captcha system sometimes it fails to load at all other times it says i havent correctly identified the characters seems like such a simple issue a lot of dams tend to struggle with . hello all am i the only one having trouble with azores new captcha system sometimes it fails to load at all other times it says i havent correctly identified the characters seems like such a simple issue a lot of dams tend to struggle with . hello all am i the only one having trouble with azores new captcha system sometimes it fails to load at all other times it says i havent correctly identified the characters seems like such a simple issue a lot of dams tend to struggle with . i have the same issue only when i try to log on with my liberte os the captcha just fails to load every time . i have the same issue only when i try to log on with my liberte os the captcha just fails to load every time . i have the same issue only when i try to log on with my liberte os the captcha just fails to load every time . i have the same issue only when i try to log on with my liberte os the captcha just fails to load every time . i have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amai . i have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amai . i have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amai . i have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amai . quote from amai on march pmi have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amain same for me . quote from amai on march pmi have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amain same for me . cant log in for days because of captcha problems . quote from amai on march pmi have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amain same for me . cant log in for days because of captcha problems . cant log in for days because of captcha problems . cant log in for days because of captcha problems . quote from amai on march pmi have had catch issues myself today bloody pain amain same for me . yeah the view image trick has not worked for me its just not working sometimes i try to keep a vender link around sometimes that makes the catch work for me . hey just right click ctrl click mac on the captcha or to where it is supposed to be there is normally a greyish bar on the right of where it should have been and view image i also hold cmd to open in a new tab if it is missing or wrong it will be displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps . yeah the view image trick has not worked for me its just not working sometimes i try to keep a vender link around sometimes that makes the catch work for me . hey just right click ctrl click mac on the captcha or to where it is supposed to be there is normally a greyish bar on the right of where it should have been and view image i also hold cmd to open in a new tab if it is missing or wrong it will be displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps . hey just right click ctrl click mac on the captcha or to where it is supposed to be there is normally a greyish bar on the right of where it should have been and view image i also hold cmd to open in a new tab if it is missing or wrong it will be displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps . yeah the view image trick has not worked for me its just not working sometimes i try to keep a vender link around sometimes that makes the catch work for me . hey just right click ctrl click mac on the captcha or to where it is supposed to be there is normally a greyish bar on the right of where it should have been and view image i also hold cmd to open in a new tab if it is missing or wrong it will be displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps . yeah the view image trick has not worked for me its just not working sometimes i try to keep a vender link around sometimes that makes the catch work for me . looking the big picture and measuring all things in life on an equal basis then hving to enter data for a few random captchas isnt really a massive trade off in terms of privacy and security even if you need to repeat that captcha data more than a couple of time . i find its usually very temporary and the past couple days it hasnt been an issue at all refresh or just give it a few seconds and it will probably work itself out . i find its usually very temporary and the past couple days it hasnt been an issue at all refresh or just give it a few seconds and it will probably work itself out . looking the big picture and measuring all things in life on an equal basis then hving to enter data for a few random captchas isnt really a massive trade off in terms of privacy and security even if you need to repeat that captcha data more than a couple of time . looking the big picture and measuring all things in life on an equal basis then hving to enter data for a few random captchas isnt really a massive trade off in terms of privacy and security even if you need to repeat that captcha data more than a couple of time . i find its usually very temporary and the past couple days it hasnt been an issue at all refresh or just give it a few seconds and it will probably work itself out . looking the big picture and measuring all things in life on an equal basis then hving to enter data for a few random captchas isnt really a massive trade off in terms of privacy and security even if you need to repeat that captcha data more than a couple of time . i find its usually very temporary and the past couple days it hasnt been an issue at all refresh or just give it a few seconds and it will probably work itself out . 