hello guys bitcoin is being overturned by an anonymous coin i am sharing this with you guys so that guys who want to be more anonymous can do this you can make a cryptsy account deposit btc and then buy darkcoin after that you can sell your darkcoin from another account and purchase new bitcoins that you can send directly to silk this is one of the craziest coins eve produced and markets are booming with it so this is the latest news darkcoinbitcointalk news . just bought few drk yesterday lets see how does this hype goes . hello guys bitcoin is being overturned by an anonymous coin i am sharing this with you guys so that guys who want to be more anonymous can do this you can make a cryptsy account deposit btc and then buy darkcoin after that you can sell your darkcoin from another account and purchase new bitcoins that you can send directly to silk this is one of the craziest coins eve produced and markets are booming with it so this is the latest news darkcoinbitcointalk news . i see it went up in past month fold actually . im waiting for the major dump . just bought few drk yesterday lets see how does this hype goes . once use the darkcoin the coin already laundering build in . im waiting for the major dump . once use the darkcoin the coin already laundering build in . just bought few drk yesterday lets see how does this hype goes . hello guys bitcoin is being overturned by an anonymous coin i am sharing this with you guys so that guys who want to be more anonymous can do this you can make a cryptsy account deposit btc and then buy darkcoin after that you can sell your darkcoin from another account and purchase new bitcoins that you can send directly to silk this is one of the craziest coins eve produced and markets are booming with it so this is the latest news darkcoinbitcointalk news . im waiting for the major dump . once use the darkcoin the coin already laundering build in . i see it went up in past month fold actually . im waiting for the major dump . hello guys bitcoin is being overturned by an anonymous coin i am sharing this with you guys so that guys who want to be more anonymous can do this you can make a cryptsy account deposit btc and then buy darkcoin after that you can sell your darkcoin from another account and purchase new bitcoins that you can send directly to silk this is one of the craziest coins eve produced and markets are booming with it so this is the latest news darkcoinbitcointalk news . i see it went up in past month fold actually . once use the darkcoin the coin already laundering build in . i see it went up in past month fold actually . just bought few drk yesterday lets see how does this hype goes . topics merged . topics merged . topics merged . topics merged . clearnet warning . clearnet warning . clearnet warning . clearnet warning . darkcoin is yesterday news the hot new anon coin is cloakcoin light years ahead of drk . darkcoin is yesterday news the hot new anon coin is cloakcoin light years ahead of drk . darkcoin is yesterday news the hot new anon coin is cloakcoin light years ahead of drk . darkcoin is yesterday news the hot new anon coin is cloakcoin light years ahead of drk . genius call thanks for nothing partly because of your call and your reputation was pretty good i believed you without doing my homework and invested unheard of i always do research but being asa im thinking hey he knows his shit usually hence i have now done my homework and your call its light years ahead is absolute crap and furthermore im disappointed that you could spread such disinformation someone of such reasonable repute can you axa tell me how it is light years ahead back this up and please done repeat what is in their whitepaper i can too can claim this and claim that a true whitepaper explains how they will go about doing this their whitepaper is a joke seriously i cant believe you spoke highly of cloak its disgraceful if you own cloak and want to pump it then piss off back to the all currency forums there is plenty of that there but to do it here on imputable the hub is bloody wrong now your a lot smarter and more intelligent than me not being sarcastic its true so please explain to me how cloak is ahead of dark or any other anonymous currency for the record i am holder of monero and cloak notice how i dont say a word about monero because thats ethical wrong and would be pumping it common explain to an idiot like me how cloak is way ahead in waiting on your responseps notice how im a newbie that doesnt that mean i havent been here since day one and everyday since yet your rubbish comment compelled me to make my first post yeah im that annoyed . genius call thanks for nothing partly because of your call and your reputation was pretty good i believed you without doing my homework and invested unheard of i always do research but being asa im thinking hey he knows his shit usually hence i have now done my homework and your call its light years ahead is absolute crap and furthermore im disappointed that you could spread such disinformation someone of such reasonable repute can you axa tell me how it is light years ahead back this up and please done repeat what is in their whitepaper i can too can claim this and claim that a true whitepaper explains how they will go about doing this their whitepaper is a joke seriously i cant believe you spoke highly of cloak its disgraceful if you own cloak and want to pump it then piss off back to the all currency forums there is plenty of that there but to do it here on imputable the hub is bloody wrong now your a lot smarter and more intelligent than me not being sarcastic its true so please explain to me how cloak is ahead of dark or any other anonymous currency for the record i am holder of monero and cloak notice how i dont say a word about monero because thats ethical wrong and would be pumping it common explain to an idiot like me how cloak is way ahead in waiting on your responseps notice how im a newbie that doesnt that mean i havent been here since day one and everyday since yet your rubbish comment compelled me to make my first post yeah im that annoyed . genius call thanks for nothing partly because of your call and your reputation was pretty good i believed you without doing my homework and invested unheard of i always do research but being asa im thinking hey he knows his shit usually hence i have now done my homework and your call its light years ahead is absolute crap and furthermore im disappointed that you could spread such disinformation someone of such reasonable repute can you axa tell me how it is light years ahead back this up and please done repeat what is in their whitepaper i can too can claim this and claim that a true whitepaper explains how they will go about doing this their whitepaper is a joke seriously i cant believe you spoke highly of cloak its disgraceful if you own cloak and want to pump it then piss off back to the all currency forums there is plenty of that there but to do it here on imputable the hub is bloody wrong now your a lot smarter and more intelligent than me not being sarcastic its true so please explain to me how cloak is ahead of dark or any other anonymous currency for the record i am holder of monero and cloak notice how i dont say a word about monero because thats ethical wrong and would be pumping it common explain to an idiot like me how cloak is way ahead in waiting on your responseps notice how im a newbie that doesnt that mean i havent been here since day one and everyday since yet your rubbish comment compelled me to make my first post yeah im that annoyed . genius call thanks for nothing partly because of your call and your reputation was pretty good i believed you without doing my homework and invested unheard of i always do research but being asa im thinking hey he knows his shit usually hence i have now done my homework and your call its light years ahead is absolute crap and furthermore im disappointed that you could spread such disinformation someone of such reasonable repute can you axa tell me how it is light years ahead back this up and please done repeat what is in their whitepaper i can too can claim this and claim that a true whitepaper explains how they will go about doing this their whitepaper is a joke seriously i cant believe you spoke highly of cloak its disgraceful if you own cloak and want to pump it then piss off back to the all currency forums there is plenty of that there but to do it here on imputable the hub is bloody wrong now your a lot smarter and more intelligent than me not being sarcastic its true so please explain to me how cloak is ahead of dark or any other anonymous currency for the record i am holder of monero and cloak notice how i dont say a word about monero because thats ethical wrong and would be pumping it common explain to an idiot like me how cloak is way ahead in waiting on your responseps notice how im a newbie that doesnt that mean i havent been here since day one and everyday since yet your rubbish comment compelled me to make my first post yeah im that annoyed . sorry confused did i tell you to buy sell anything darkcoin is based on coinjoin which has been broken and is now obsolete like shared coin . answer the question how is cloak light years ahead of dark there is absolutely nothing in the whitepaper that says how it works can you share any information that you have . answer the question how is cloak light years ahead of dark there is absolutely nothing in the whitepaper that says how it works can you share any information that you have . sorry confused did i tell you to buy sell anything darkcoin is based on coinjoin which has been broken and is now obsolete like shared coin . sorry confused did i tell you to buy sell anything darkcoin is based on coinjoin which has been broken and is now obsolete like shared coin . answer the question how is cloak light years ahead of dark there is absolutely nothing in the whitepaper that says how it works can you share any information that you have . sorry confused did i tell you to buy sell anything darkcoin is based on coinjoin which has been broken and is now obsolete like shared coin . answer the question how is cloak light years ahead of dark there is absolutely nothing in the whitepaper that says how it works can you share any information that you have . 