hi i was just wondering what is everyone mind set when it comes to bitcoin atms are they safeis this just as good as using local bitcoin as far as being anonymous just wonder what everyone else thought of them . hi i was just wondering what is everyone mind set when it comes to bitcoin atms are they safeis this just as good as using local bitcoin as far as being anonymous just wonder what everyone else thought of them . hi i was just wondering what is everyone s mind set when it comes to bitcoin atms are they safeis this just as good as using local bitcoin as far as being anonymous just wonder what everyone else thought of them . i ve never used one since they dont in my country but won t all atm s have camels luc sounds like the safest bet as long as it lasts because it is starting to get le heat as well it has its own mixer so if you do it right you have one step less in obfuscating the trail poker sites are also a great idea deposit into them play a round for kicks and then withdraw . the ones in canada aren t too safe and require photo identification that it records with each purchase you can make bitcoin very safe in low volume by running it through a few obfuscation services mixers etc at minimum you should deposit the btc to an out of country hosted shared bitin wallet like a chinese exchange bitcoin poker site etc that would be enough to deter most investigations in to private purchases . give never used one since they dont in my country but wont all atms have camels luc sounds like the safest bet as long as it lasts because it is starting to get le heat as well it has its own mixer so if you do it right you have one step less in obfuscating the trail poker sites are also a great idea deposit into them play a round for kicks and then withdraw . the ones in canada arent too safe and require photo identification that it records with each purchase you can make bitcoin very safe in low volume by running it through a few obfuscation services mixers etc at minimum you should deposit the btc to an out of country hosted shared bitin wallet like a chinese exchange bitcoin poker site etc that would be enough to deter most investigations in to private purchases . the ones in canada arent too safe and require photo identification that it records with each purchase you can make blond wig very safe in low volume by running it through a few obfuscation services mixers etc at minimum you should deposit the btc to an out of country hosted shared blond wig wallet like a chinese exchange blond wig poker site etc that would be enough to deter most investigations in to private purchases . give never used one since they dont in my country but wont all atms have camels luc sounds like the safest bet as long as it lasts because it is starting to get le heat as well it has its own mixer so if you do it right you have one step less in obfuscating the trail poker sites are also a great idea deposit into them play a round for kicks and then withdraw . not all atms have cameras or identification requirements it is all dependent on the type of atm that is used some are very stealth some are not so stealth . it is all dependent on type of atm used some very stealth some not stealth . not all atms have cameras or identification requirements it is all dependent on the type of atm that is used some are very stealth some are not so stealth . some require a cell phone to text a confirmation code to in order to get the process started some which take a huge fucking cut bastards dont require anything except cash and a brief moment to scan your wallet . some require a cell phone to text a confirmation code to in order to get the process started some which take a huge fucking cut bastards don t require anything except cash and a brief moment to scan your wallet . some require a cell phone to text a confirmation code to in order to get the process started some which take a huge fucking cut bastards dont require anything except cash and a brief moment to scan your wallet . 