scam . scam . enjoy this huge list of phishing linksstay safe and anonymous redacted . enjoy this huge list of phishing linksstay safe and anonymous redacted . enjoy this huge list of phishing linksstay safe and anonymous redacted . scam . scam . enjoy this huge list of phishing linksstay safe and anonymous redacted . as soon as i see let in the title i question the legitimacy of the thread lest alone the service you called it onionshop . as soon as i see let in the title i question the legitimacy of the thread lest alone the service you called it onionshop . as soon as i see let in the title i question the legitimacy of the thread lest alone the service you called it onionshop . as soon as i see let in the title i question the legitimacy of the thread lest alone the service you called it onionshop . good job removing the phishing links posts like this are a reason everyone should have the real links to their favorite tor based onion sites saved when a user links you to a tor based service website you should always compare the true link of the service with the site they are attempting to send you . i saw the word legit then i saw how many posts the op had come on make it a little harder for us . i saw the word legit then i saw how many posts the op had come on make it a little harder for us . i saw the word legit then i saw how many posts the op had come on make it a little harder for us . good job removing the phishing links posts like this are a reason everyone should have the real links to their favorite tor based onion sites saved when a user links you to a tor based service website you should always compare the true link of the service with the site they are attempting to send you . i saw the word legit then i saw how many posts the op had come on make it a little harder for us . good job removing the phishing links posts like this are a reason everyone should have the real links to their favorite tor based onion sites saved when a user links you to a tor based service website you should always compare the true link of the service with the site they are attempting to send you . good job removing the phishing links posts like this are a reason everyone should have the real links to their favorite tor based onion sites saved when a user links you to a tor based service website you should always compare the true link of the service with the site they are attempting to send you . 