hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki hello world didn t saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki hello world didn t saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki hello world didn t saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki hello world didn t saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . hi there i only started to use bitcoin for buying stuff in black marketsi read a lot about mixing services founded this one on wiki saw anything bad about him so in the end decided to mixfirst time mixed there min and than after receiving coins on my wallet mixed everything worksalso i want to make a list of mixers if you know others please share with methanks for attention . i too have wondered if my efforts invested into tumbling my coin were worth it after directing all of my purchases here on tmg i came to the realization that my coins were now being sent to individual custom wallet addresses so my opinion of the matter was it was a lot less feasible for the government to track down one persons sift through hopefully their fortified security track transactions from the wallets trace back to myself of course they could take easier routes to attack my ass anyways i still tumble my coins i still follow high standards of open no matter how tempting or reasonable the alternative may be i know if i rush or if i stray from what i know will work then i have inevitably exposed myself anything and everything you say will be archive and can be re visited at a later time the service i use now after swtiching from the fog is bitblender found it back on the sr forums has great review on bitcointalk personally i think it is a great service does what it needs to simple and quick i do not see why not to tumble your coins be safe fight the fight . i too have wondered if my efforts invested into tumbling my coin were worth it after directing all of my purchases here on tmg i came to the realization that my coins were now being sent to individual custom wallet addresses so my opinion of the matter was it was a lot less feasible for the government to track down one persons sift through hopefully their fortified security track transactions from the wallets trace back to myself of course they could take easier routes to attack my ass anyways i still tumble my coins i still follow high standards of open no matter how tempting or reasonable the alternative may be i know if i rush or if i stray from what i know will work then i have inevitably exposed myself anything and everything you say will be archive and can be re visited at a later time the service i use now after swtiching from the fog is bitblender found it back on the sr forums has great review on bitcointalk personally i think it is a great service does what it needs to simple and quick i do not see why not to tumble your coins be safe fight the fight . i too have wondered if my efforts invested into tumbling my coin were worth it after directing all of my purchases here on tmg i came to the realization that my coins were now being sent to individual custom wallet addresses so my opinion of the matter was it was a lot less feasible for the government to track down one persons sift through hopefully their fortified security track transactions from the wallets trace back to myself of course they could take easier routes to attack my ass anyways i still tumble my coins i still follow high standards of open no matter how tempting or reasonable the alternative may be i know if i rush or if i stray from what i know will work then i have inevitably exposed myself anything and everything you say will be archive and can be re visited at a later time the service i use now after swtiching from the fog is bitblender found it back on the sr forums has great review on bitcointalk personally i think it is a great service does what it needs to simple and quick i do not see why not to tumble your coins be safe fight the fight . you should always try to hide the source of your bitcoins for greater security but i have heard lately that mixing the coins is not gently a good practice it would be better to anonymously buy some coins at localbitcoins or mine them yourself bitcoin fog is trustworthy and here for a long time service but faster this helps if you have any more questions please ask . you should always try to hide the source of your bitcoins for greater security but i have heard lately that mixing the coins is not gently a good practice it would be better to anonymously buy some coins at localbitcoins or mine them yourself bitcoin fog is trustworthy and here for a long time service but faster this helps if you have any more questions please ask . you should always try to hide the source of your bitcoins for greater security but i have heard lately that mixing the coins is not gently a good practice it would be better to anonymously buy some coins at localbitcoins or mine them yourself bitcoin fog is trustworthy and here for a long time service but faster this helps if you have any more questions please ask . bitcoinfog seems to be the way to go it has withstood the test of time no complaints here . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . bitcoinfog seems to be the way to go it has withstood the test of time no complaints here . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . bitcoinfog seems to be the way to go it has withstood the test of time no complaints here . bitcoinfog seems to be the way to go it has withstood the test of time no complaints here . also heard about bitcoinfog but i prefer btcshuffle fog will go to my list . dandantheicecreamman thank you for reply but i prefer learned mixers of course while mixing i use proxy or tor browser . dandantheicecreamman thank you for reply but i prefer learned mixers of course while mixing i use proxy or tor browser . dandantheicecreamman thank you for reply but i prefer learned mixers of course while mixing i use proxy or tor browser . dandantheicecreamman thank you for reply but i prefer learned mixers of course while mixing i use proxy or tor browser . golden dwarf thanks for your replies i had to talk with its support everything seems to be safe but i prefer learned mixersthanks for advising bitblender it will go to my list . i would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity . golden dwarf thanks for your replies i had to talk with its support everything seems to be safe but i prefer learned mixersthanks for advising bitblender it will go to my list . i would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity . i would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity . i would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity . golden dwarf thanks for your replies i had to talk with its support everything seems to be safe but i prefer learned mixersthanks for advising bitblender it will go to my list . using a mixing service on clearnet is a bad idea the most recommended mixers are bitin fog and bitcoin blender tor only . quote from ludotilmortem on july ami would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity hey ludo its great to see you here my friend im gon na shoot you a pm . quote from ludotilmortem on july ami would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity hey ludo its great to see you here my friend im gon na shoot you a pm . quote from ludotilmortem on july ami would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity hey ludo its great to see you here my friend im gon na shoot you a pm . using a mixing service on clearnet is a bad idea the most recommended mixers are bitin fog and bitcoin blender tor only . using a mixing service on clearnet is a bad idea the most recommended mixers are bitin fog and bitcoin blender tor only . quote from ludotilmortem on july ami would stick to the known ones and mix them for anonymity hey ludo its great to see you here my friend im gon na shoot you a pm . using a mixing service on clearnet is a bad idea the most recommended mixers are bitin fog and bitcoin blender tor only . axa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profitit is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . axa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profitit is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . i discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one it is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers must be great cause you spammed the shit out of cannabis road looks like your doing it here nowonly need to post your ad once . axa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profitit is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . axa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profitit is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . i discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . i discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one it is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers must be great cause you spammed the shit out of cannabis road looks like your doing it here nowonly need to post your ad once . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one it is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers must be great cause you spammed the shit out of cannabis road looks like your doing it here nowonly need to post your ad once . i discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one it is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixers must be great cause you spammed the shit out of cannabis road looks like your doing it here nowonly need to post your ad once . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixerssorry but after looking through your posts you seem extremely sammy to me . i recently discovered this mixed great i m fully satisfied with both mixers . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixerssorry but after looking through your posts you seem extremely sammy to me . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixerssorry but after looking through your posts you seem extremely sammy to me . i recently discovered this mixed great i m fully satisfied with both mixers . i recently discovered this mixed great i m fully satisfied with both mixers . quote from jamaiza on july pmi discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixerssorry but after looking through your posts you seem extremely sammy to me . quote from jamaiza on july pmaxa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profiti discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixersstop shilling for clearnet mixers no one who cares about anonymity uses them best practice is to use a mixer with an onion address only . quote from jamaiza on july pmaxa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profiti discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixersstop shilling for clearnet mixers no one who cares about anonymity uses them best practice is to use a mixer with an onion address only . quote from jamaiza on july pmaxa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profiti discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixersstop shilling for clearnet mixers no one who cares about anonymity uses them best practice is to use a mixer with an onion address only . quote from jamaiza on july pmaxa i prefer clearnet mixers tor profiti discovered a new one is quite good everything worksi think this is the best two clearnet mixersstop shilling for clearnet mixers no one who cares about anonymity uses them best practice is to use a mixer with an onion address only . imo the biggest hole in bitin security is keeping non market wallets and bitcoins earned through tip bots and other sources out of your btc portfolio in a non linking way i can definitely recommend mixers especially if you top off an account or got btc from a tipbot or online sale the exchanges could be selling the old sr coins and we will never really know how deep the interest will go into our activities at this level following the money is how most investigations track proceeds from perceived illegal activities generally speaking that being said if you use a wallet enough times you should change somewhat often especially if it is linked to an exchange directly i could be wrong but i think exchange to mixer or one time wallet then mixer is much safer than buying coins and putting them into the same wallet every time and mixing after the reasoning being that most exchange addresses are logged but at the same time are usually temporary so each send from an exchange should be from a different address in theory im not entirely sure about this but i do know that wallet jumping links addresses more than it separates the coins without using a mixer i had to ditch all my wallets last fall after i realized there was taint to the seized sr funds not that it really means that much shop smart . imo the biggest hole in bitin security is keeping non market wallets and bitcoins earned through tip bots and other sources out of your btc portfolio in a non linking way i can definitely recommend mixers especially if you top off an account or got btc from a tipbot or online sale the exchanges could be selling the old sr coins and we will never really know how deep the interest will go into our activities at this level following the money is how most investigations track proceeds from perceived illegal activities generally speaking that being said if you use a wallet enough times you should change somewhat often especially if it is linked to an exchange directly i could be wrong but i think exchange to mixer or one time wallet then mixer is much safer than buying coins and putting them into the same wallet every time and mixing after the reasoning being that most exchange addresses are logged but at the same time are usually temporary so each send from an exchange should be from a different address in theory i m not entirely sure about this but i do know that wallet jumping links addresses more than it separates the coins without using a mixer i had to ditch all my wallets last fall after i realized there was taint to the seized sr funds not that it really means that much shop smart . imo the biggest hole in bitin security is keeping non market wallets and bitcoins earned through tip bots and other sources out of your btc portfolio in a non linking way i can definitely recommend mixers especially if you top off an account or got btc from a tipbot or online sale the exchanges could be selling the old sr coins and we will never really know how deep the interest will go into our activities at this level following the money is how most investigations track proceeds from perceived illegal activities generally speaking that being said if you use a wallet enough times you should change somewhat often especially if it is linked to an exchange directly i could be wrong but i think exchange to mixer or one time wallet then mixer is much safer than buying coins and putting them into the same wallet every time and mixing after the reasoning being that most exchange addresses are logged but at the same time are usually temporary so each send from an exchange should be from a different address in theory im not entirely sure about this but i do know that wallet jumping links addresses more than it separates the coins without using a mixer i had to ditch all my wallets last fall after i realized there was taint to the seized sr funds not that it really means that much shop smart . people say that if you re buying only for personal use you don t need to mix my question to them is what s the upside of that a few more bucks faster purchasing the downside may be remote but what if le got interested in you for any reason what if you became their target they ll need anything they can get and it could be worth it for them to try to track that btc also we don t know what the future holds and how easy it might become to track coins we previously thought no one cared about i don t mean to be fearmongering and the mixing process isn t safe either but in my opinion the cost and time of mixing and the hassle of changing wallets occasionally is all just the price we pay in order to have such gamesome stuff at our fingertips totally worth it . people say that if youre buying only for personal use you dont need to mix my question to them is whats the upside of that a few more bucks faster purchasing the downside may be remote but what if le got interested in you for any reason what if you became their target theyll need anything they can get and it could be worth it for them to try to track that btc also we dont know what the future holds and how easy it might become to track coins we previously thought no one cared about i dont mean to be fearmongering and the mixing process isnt safe either but in my opinion the cost and time of mixing and the hassle of changing wallets occasionally is all just the price we pay in order to have such gamesome stuff at our fingertips totally worth it . people say that if youre buying only for personal use you dont need to mix my question to them is whats the upside of that a few more bucks faster purchasing the downside may be remote but what if le got interested in you for any reason what if you became their target theyll need anything they can get and it could be worth it for them to try to track that btc also we dont know what the future holds and how easy it might become to track coins we previously thought no one cared about i dont mean to be fearmongering and the mixing process isnt safe either but in my opinion the cost and time of mixing and the hassle of changing wallets occasionally is all just the price we pay in order to have such gamesome stuff at our fingertips totally worth it . because the blockchain is a completely public ledger of all bitin transactions anyone can trace your spending on implicit things back to you when you bought it who knows if in the future employers will use that public information when hiring people best to scramble your coins so you keep yourself anonymous i personally used bitblender works well i hear bitcoinfog is reflectively scamming so i stayed away from it its a charge the question is why not do it why not have the peace of mind i will never not tumble my coins it s not worth getting caught i have a friend who is guts enough to use tor on windows not tumble and only use pip don t be like him you re buying drugs off the net afterall . lucygoosey i definitely agree with the more security is better than less approach but my point is if you open a blockchain wallet in tor and access only through tor thus obscuring your ip no email address and only buy bitcoin in cash what could be used there to potentially identify you if the feds got into blockchain s data or if a vendor you bought from got raised and they traced the btc to your wallet wouldn t that just mean they see an anonymous wallet with an ip that leads to nowhere i m new to all this so please let me know the exploitable gaps in this i mix my coins regardless for my own peace of mind but i do want to get a more hands on understanding of darkness security . because the blockchain is a completely public ledger of all bitin transactions anyone can trace your spending on implicit things back to you when you bought it who knows if in the future employers will use that public information when hiring people best to scramble your coins so you keep yourself anonymous i personally used bitblender works well i hear bitcoinfog is reflectively scamming so i stayed away from it its a charge the question is why not do it why not have the peace of mind i will never not tumble my coins its not worth getting caught i have a friend who is guts enough to use tor on windows not tumble and only use pip dont be like him youre buying drugs off the net afterall . im still new to this so i went ahead and used bitblender for my first purchase seems to work fine so far though i do wonder if you made a blockchain wallet through tor and load funds by cash only only access it through tor and give it no email address to link to is it safe to deposit funds straight from that to a market or vendor . lucygoosey i definitely agree with the more security is better than less approach but my point is if you open a blockchain wallet in tor and access only through tor thus obscuring your ip no email address and only buy bitcoin in cash what could be used there to potentially identify you if the feds got into blockchains data or if a vendor you bought from got raised and they traced the btc to your wallet wouldnt that just mean they see an anonymous wallet with an ip that leads to nowhere in new to all this so please let me know the exploitable gaps in this i mix my coins regardless for my own peace of mind but i do want to get a more hands on understanding of darkness security . because the blockchain is a completely public ledger of all bitin transactions anyone can trace your spending on implicit things back to you when you bought it who knows if in the future employers will use that public information when hiring people best to scramble your coins so you keep yourself anonymous i personally used bitblender works well i hear bitcoinfog is reflectively scamming so i stayed away from it its a charge the question is why not do it why not have the peace of mind i will never not tumble my coins its not worth getting caught i have a friend who is guts enough to use tor on windows not tumble and only use pip dont be like him youre buying drugs off the net afterall . lucygoosey i definitely agree with the more security is better than less approach but my point is if you open a blockchain wallet in tor and access only through tor thus obscuring your ip no email address and only buy bitcoin in cash what could be used there to potentially identify you if the feds got into blockchains data or if a vendor you bought from got raised and they traced the btc to your wallet wouldnt that just mean they see an anonymous wallet with an ip that leads to nowhere in new to all this so please let me know the exploitable gaps in this i mix my coins regardless for my own peace of mind but i do want to get a more hands on understanding of darkness security . i m still new to this so i went ahead and used bitblender for my first purchase seems to work fine so far though i do wonder if you made a blockchain wallet through tor and load funds by cash only only access it through tor and give it no email address to link to is it safe to deposit funds straight from that to a market or vendor . im still new to this so i went ahead and used bitblender for my first purchase seems to work fine so far though i do wonder if you made a blockchain wallet through tor and load funds by cash only only access it through tor and give it no email address to link to is it safe to deposit funds straight from that to a market or vendor . if by cash you mean youre literally buying them with physical cash from someone on the street not from a cryptocurrency service and having them transfer it to the tor address id say its safe so long as you trust that person and that they dont rat you out see the thing is if you buy someone illicit with their bitcoin you bought from them they can get le on them and theyd point their finger at you a safer way to do it would be to mine those coins yourself and have them transfer straight to a tor blockchain wallet i personally like the extra layer of security that tumbling adds . very true i have utmost trust in the person i buy coins from but you are right i wouldn t want to risk le scoping in on them regardless they wouldn t rat but i wouldn t want to put them at risk in the first place i don t have the hardware to mine coins myself so it seems like tumbling is probably the safest thing for now . if by cash you mean you re literally buying them with physical cash from someone on the street not from a cryptocurrency service and having them transfer it to the tor address i d say its safe so long as you trust that person and that they don t rat you out see the thing is if you buy someone illicit with their bitcoin you bought from them they can get le on them and they d point their finger at you a safer way to do it would be to mine those coins yourself and have them transfer straight to a tor blockchain wallet i personally like the extra layer of security that tumbling adds . if by cash you mean youre literally buying them with physical cash from someone on the street not from a cryptocurrency service and having them transfer it to the tor address id say its safe so long as you trust that person and that they dont rat you out see the thing is if you buy someone illicit with their bitcoin you bought from them they can get le on them and theyd point their finger at you a safer way to do it would be to mine those coins yourself and have them transfer straight to a tor blockchain wallet i personally like the extra layer of security that tumbling adds . very true i have utmost trust in the person i buy coins from but you are right i wouldnt want to risk le scoping in on them regardless they wouldnt rat but i wouldnt want to put them at risk in the first place i dont have the hardware to mine coins myself so it seems like tumbling is probably the safest thing for now . very true i have utmost trust in the person i buy coins from but you are right i wouldnt want to risk le scoping in on them regardless they wouldnt rat but i wouldnt want to put them at risk in the first place i dont have the hardware to mine coins myself so it seems like tumbling is probably the safest thing for now . also don t forget that it s good to change wallets from time to time even if you re mixing harder to track and trace multiply wallets and you can retire and delete the wallets that have made multiply transactions there s no evidence and you don t know anything about whatever they re talking about it s not foolproof from what i hear it would be best to use tails on a usb and have hero data on your computer but seems like from reading a lot of postings and articles most casual users aka low volume not vendors or dealers find buying btc w cash and tumbling into a wallet not associated with your irl identity to be appropriate safe alternatively you could tumble into a market make your purchase and then withdraw the balance into a wallet not associated with your ill identity note i m no expert so don t base your decisions on my post there are many people who will tell you that this method is flowed then again there are a ton of people not tumbling at all buying coins from their bank account and buying directly from that etc so year have fun . also done forget that its good to change wallets from time to time even if youre mixing harder to track and trace multiply wallets and you can retire and delete the wallets that have made multiply transactions theres no evidence and you dont know anything about whatever there talking about its not foolproof from what i hear it would be best to use tails on a usb and have hero data on your computer but seems like from reading a lot of postings and articles most casual users aka low volume not vendors or dealers find buying btc w cash and tumbling into a wallet not associated with your irl identity to be appropriate safe alternatively you could tumble into a market make your purchase and then withdraw the balance into a wallet not associated with your ill identity note im no expert so done base your decisions on my post there are many people who will tell you that this method is flowed then again there are a ton of people not tumbling at all buying coins from their bank account and buying directly from that etc so year have fun . also done forget that its good to change wallets from time to time even if youre mixing harder to track and trace multiply wallets and you can retire and delete the wallets that have made multiply transactions theres no evidence and you dont know anything about whatever there talking about its not foolproof from what i hear it would be best to use tails on a usb and have hero data on your computer but seems like from reading a lot of postings and articles most casual users aka low volume not vendors or dealers find buying btc w cash and tumbling into a wallet not associated with your irl identity to be appropriate safe alternatively you could tumble into a market make your purchase and then withdraw the balance into a wallet not associated with your ill identity note im no expert so done base your decisions on my post there are many people who will tell you that this method is flowed then again there are a ton of people not tumbling at all buying coins from their bank account and buying directly from that etc so year have fun . if you know others share them in this topicthanks for attentionmixers in clearnet insert list of scam sites here . if you know others share them in this topicthanks for attentionmixers in clearnet insert list of scam sites here . if you know others share them in this topicthanks for attentionmixers in clearnet insert list of scam sites here . if you know others share them in this topicthanks for attentionmixers in clearnet insert list of scam sites here . it looks like jamaiza is doing his bussiness here for me helix which is not on jamaica list is the best tumbler it has pretty nice design and its safe and easy to use safe . it looks like jamaiza is doing his bussiness here for me helix which is not on jamaica list is the best tumbler it has pretty nice design and its safe and easy to use safe . it looks like jamaiza is doing his bussiness here for me helix which is not on jamaica list is the best tumbler it has pretty nice design and its safe and easy to use safe . it looks like jamaiza is doing his bussiness here for me helix which is not on jamaica list is the best tumbler it has pretty nice design and its safe and easy to use safe . thanks for these links guys saved for future reference also any reasons other than personal you like felix better than say btcfog give only personally used btcfog and have had zero issues with them stay safe friends . anyone saying they prefer a clearnet mixer over anon ones like btcfog is an idiot . last edit removed bravebunny edit helix and cleancoin clearnet and tor links . link to my topic with working mixers . last edit removed bravebunny edit helix and cleancoin clearnet and tor links . thanks for these links guys saved for future reference also any reasons other than personal you like felix better than say btcfog give only personally used btcfog and have had zero issues with them stay safe friends . anyone saying they prefer a clearnet mixer over anon ones like btcfog is an idiot . thanks for these links guys saved for future reference also any reasons other than personal you like felix better than say btcfog give only personally used btcfog and have had zero issues with them stay safe friends . anyone saying they prefer a clearnet mixer over anon ones like btcfog is an idiot . link to my topic with working mixers . link to my topic with working mixers . last edit removed bravebunny edit helix and cleancoin clearnet and tor links . thanks for these links guys saved for future reference also any reasons other than personal you like felix better than say btcfog give only personally used btcfog and have had zero issues with them stay safe friends . anyone saying they prefer a clearnet mixer over anon ones like btcfog is an idiot . last edit removed bravebunny edit helix and cleancoin clearnet and tor links . i think that helix bitcoin cleaner is good choice its not just mixer but also cleaner so youl always get clean btc never used on darknet grams enufi joel onion helixorgramsflow com helix this is not learned link itll only direct you on the same onion page . hey jamaiza why is your listing always in the replies list each time i log on do you just edit and repost your final comment every single day so that it correctly seems like something new has been posted for everyone else how do i stop following a thread thanks . hey jamaiza why is your listing always in the replies list each time i log on do you just edit and repost your final comment every single day so that it correctly seems like something new has been posted for everyone else how do i stop following a thread thanks . hey jamaiza why is your listing always in the replies list each time i log on do you just edit and repost your final comment every single day so that it correctly seems like something new has been posted for everyone else how do i stop following a thread thanks . i think that helix bitcoin cleaner is good choice its not just mixer but also cleaner so youl always get clean btc never used on darknet grams enufi joel onion helixorgramsflow com helix this is not learned link itll only direct you on the same onion page . i think that helix bitcoin cleaner is good choice its not just mixer but also cleaner so youl always get clean btc never used on darknet grams enufi joel onion helixorgramsflow com helix this is not learned link itll only direct you on the same onion page . i think that helix bitcoin cleaner is good choice its not just mixer but also cleaner so youl always get clean btc never used on darknet grams enufi joel onion helixorgramsflow com helix this is not learned link itll only direct you on the same onion page . never had a problem with . never had a problem with . never had a problem with . never had a problem with . just a word of warning the first sites listed are confirmed scamsquote the bitmixer io i am ensure but very sceptical of it be careful and stay safe everyone . just a word of warning the first sites listed are confirmed scamsquote the bitmixer io i am ensure but very sceptical of it be careful and stay safe everyone . link to topic with list of working btc mixers . just a word of warning the first sites listed are confirmed scamsquote the bitmixer io i am ensure but very sceptical of it be careful and stay safe everyone . link to topic with list of working btc mixers . just a word of warning the first sites listed are confirmed scamsquote the bitmixer io i am ensure but very sceptical of it be careful and stay safe everyone . link to topic with list of working btc mixers . link to topic with list of working btc mixers . quote from evilgrin on august amlinks redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying thank you evilgrin you have now saved some people from making a terrible mistake . poz send coin to mywallet onion no scam . links redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying . jamaiza was banned on the majestic garden forum because some mixers from his list is swam quotesame with bravebunny but since thats deep web i cant compare that to the clearnet tumblers for possible consistencies id also recommend avoiding bravebunny no bravebunny not swam i promise . jamaiza was banned on the majestic garden forum because some mixers from his list is swam quotesame with bravebunny but since thats deep web i cant compare that to the clearnet tumblers for possible consistencies id also recommend avoiding bravebunny no bravebunny not swam i promise . quote from cokeandchaos on august pm sure that bitcoinshuffle cleancoins or anything else that jamaiza posts is a scam i suggest avoiding them like the plague i agree i also read reviews in the bitcoin talk forums and pretty much all of the unknown mixers that jamaiza listed are scams also the op has the same threads in multiply dnm forums including ours i redacted all of the links he posted to make sure no one falls for them be careful everyone its clear to me that jamaiza is behind the ripper mixers sites and is a total douche keep it real and stay everyone . links redacted . poz send coin to mywallet onion no scam . poz send coin to mywallet onion no scam . quote from cokeandchaos on august pm sure that bitcoinshuffle cleancoins or anything else that jamaiza posts is a scam i suggest avoiding them like the plague i agree i also read reviews in the bitcoin talk forums and pretty much all of the unknown mixers that jamaiza listed are scams also the op has the same threads in multiply dnm forums including ours i redacted all of the links he posted to make sure no one falls for them be careful everyone its clear to me that jamaiza is behind the ripper mixers sites and is a total douche keep it real and stay everyone . links redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying . quote from evilgrin on august amlinks redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying thank you evilgrin you have now saved some people from making a terrible mistake . jamaiza was banned on the majestic garden forum because some mixers from his list is swam quotesame with bravebunny but since thats deep web i cant compare that to the clearnet tumblers for possible consistencies id also recommend avoiding bravebunny no bravebunny not swam i promise . links redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying . quote from evilgrin on august amlinks redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying thank you evilgrin you have now saved some people from making a terrible mistake . quote from cokeandchaos on august pm sure that bitcoinshuffle cleancoins or anything else that jamaiza posts is a scam i suggest avoiding them like the plague i agree i also read reviews in the bitcoin talk forums and pretty much all of the unknown mixers that jamaiza listed are scams also the op has the same threads in multiply dnm forums including ours i redacted all of the links he posted to make sure no one falls for them be careful everyone its clear to me that jamaiza is behind the ripper mixers sites and is a total douche keep it real and stay everyone . poz send coin to mywallet onion no scam . quote from cokeandchaos on august pm sure that bitcoinshuffle cleancoins or anything else that jamaiza posts is a scam i suggest avoiding them like the plague i agree i also read reviews in the bitcoin talk forums and pretty much all of the unknown mixers that jamaiza listed are scams also the op has the same threads in multiply dnm forums including ours i redacted all of the links he posted to make sure no one falls for them be careful everyone its clear to me that jamaiza is behind the ripper mixers sites and is a total douche keep it real and stay everyone . jamaiza was banned on the majestic garden forum because some mixers from his list is swam quotesame with bravebunny but since thats deep web i cant compare that to the clearnet tumblers for possible consistencies id also recommend avoiding bravebunny no bravebunny not swam i promise . links redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying . links redacted . quote from evilgrin on august amlinks redacted done hand your money to random websites that were linked to on a forum i hope that goes without saying thank you evilgrin you have now saved some people from making a terrible mistake . links redacted . links redacted . 