not working for me . it just came back up for me . would be pitty to see if they done a runner never thought i will say it but i started to like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch i was missing on sr . was having issues before but seems to be working now . working fine for me also . it just came back up for me . same for me also . just been trying to log on to agora and it is just constantly timing out before it even gets tithe login screen anyone having the same problem . down for me aswell . working fine for me also . working fine for me also . was having issues before but seems to be working now . same for me also . it just came back up for me . down for me aswell . would be pitty to see if they done a runner never thought i will say it but i started to like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch i was missing on sr . same for me also . just been trying to log on to agora and it is just constantly timing out before it even gets tithe login screen anyone having the same problem . not working for me . was having issues before but seems to be working now . would be pitty to see if they done a runner never thought i will say it but i started to like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch i was missing on sr . both bitin fog and agora are acting up a little for me fog stopped loading for me for a while then when i got it to work agra wouldn load got both loading now but pretty slow wouldnt be surprised if they were hasted at the same place . both bitin fog and agora are acting up a little for me fog stopped loading for me for a while then when i got it to work agra wouldn load got both loading now but pretty slow wouldnt be surprised if they were hasted at the same place . it just came back up for me . both bitin fog and agora are acting up a little for me fog stopped loading for me for a while then when i got it to work agra wouldn load got both loading now but pretty slow wouldnt be surprised if they were hasted at the same place . working fine for me also . was having issues before but seems to be working now . would be pitty to see if they done a runner never thought i will say it but i started to like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch i was missing on sr . not working for me . same for me also . both bitin fog and agora are acting up a little for me fog stopped loading for me for a while then when i got it to work agra wouldn load got both loading now but pretty slow wouldnt be surprised if they were hasted at the same place . not working for me . down for me aswell . just been trying to log on to agora and it is just constantly timing out before it even gets tithe login screen anyone having the same problem . down for me aswell . just been trying to log on to agora and it is just constantly timing out before it even gets tithe login screen anyone having the same problem . a lot of new users i guess but worked fine today . traffic problem . intermittent sever over load is my best guess its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening just be patient and try again after you wait mins or so usually you will get in after a few refreshes . just come over here to see if i could find anything as there doesnt seem to be anything on agora forums i had trouble getting on earlier this afternoon but after about half an hour i managed to get on now it wont load again i think this is probably down to a lot of traffic and hopefully nothing to worry about i really like agora now and have started to get settled it would be such a shame if it turned out like sheep or tm did . down for me too at am eastern time . just managed to log in . down for me too any word on the problem . this happens to me quite often till time out and i wont be able to load the site usually i just give it a few hours and try later and i can always get back in . a lot of new users i guess but worked fine today . just managed to log in . down for me couldn access yesterday either . traffic problem . intermittent sever over load is my best guess its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening just be patient and try again after you wait mins or so usually you will get in after a few refreshes . down for me too any word on the problem . just come over here to see if i could find anything as there doesnt seem to be anything on agora forums i had trouble getting on earlier this afternoon but after about half an hour i managed to get on now it wont load again i think this is probably down to a lot of traffic and hopefully nothing to worry about i really like agora now and have started to get settled it would be such a shame if it turned out like sheep or tm did . just come over here to see if i could find anything as there doesnt seem to be anything on agora forums i had trouble getting on earlier this afternoon but after about half an hour i managed to get on now it wont load again i think this is probably down to a lot of traffic and hopefully nothing to worry about i really like agora now and have started to get settled it would be such a shame if it turned out like sheep or tm did . a lot of new users i guess but worked fine today . down for me too at am eastern time . traffic problem . traffic problem . down for me couldn access yesterday either . this happens to me quite often till time out and i wont be able to load the site usually i just give it a few hours and try later and i can always get back in . down for me too any word on the problem . down for me too at am eastern time . just come over here to see if i could find anything as there doesnt seem to be anything on agora forums i had trouble getting on earlier this afternoon but after about half an hour i managed to get on now it wont load again i think this is probably down to a lot of traffic and hopefully nothing to worry about i really like agora now and have started to get settled it would be such a shame if it turned out like sheep or tm did . down for me too at am eastern time . this happens to me quite often till time out and i wont be able to load the site usually i just give it a few hours and try later and i can always get back in . down for me couldn access yesterday either . intermittent sever over load is my best guess its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening just be patient and try again after you wait mins or so usually you will get in after a few refreshes . just managed to log in . down for me couldn access yesterday either . down for me too any word on the problem . just managed to log in . a lot of new users i guess but worked fine today . this happens to me quite often till time out and i wont be able to load the site usually i just give it a few hours and try later and i can always get back in . intermittent sever over load is my best guess its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening just be patient and try again after you wait mins or so usually you will get in after a few refreshes . hello matesis agora down or just under maintenance . down here . down here . down here . hello matesis agora down or just under maintenance . hello matesis agora down or just under maintenance . down here . hello matesis agora down or just under maintenance . 