hey everybody new to this community but looking forward to sticking around a while i was wondering if anyone had any estimation as to when cm will be back in business also are they current checking their pms on here definitely my favorite vendor of all time give been using them since sr and am just now in need of their services again i kind of lost touch with them and plan on placing an order in mid january i just done want to get coins and then not be able to track them down as im taking a tolerance break until that time ill be so ready for that gorgeous oz ive only ordered their premium line but am going to go for their exquisite and treat myself a little their premium selections were the best buds give ever had give spent the last two years in a legal zone and they couldnt touch what i got from cm well look forward to your replies thanks all . hey everybody new to this community but looking forward to sticking around a while i was wondering if anyone had any estimation as to when cm will be back in business also are they current checking their pms on here definitely my favorite vendor of all time give been using them since sr and am just now in need of their services again i kind of lost touch with them and plan on placing an order in mid january i just done want to get coins and then not be able to track them down as im taking a tolerance break until that time ill be so ready for that gorgeous oz ive only ordered their premium line but am going to go for their exquisite and treat myself a little their premium selections were the best buds give ever had give spent the last two years in a legal zone and they couldnt touch what i got from cm well look forward to your replies thanks all . we know cult has got some gamesome stuff but you may want to check out some of our selection as well . we know cult has got some gamesome stuff but you may want to check out some of our selection as well . cm are on some market if in not wrong id love to try them out the reviews have been really good . cm are on some market if in not wrong id love to try them out the reviews have been really good . they have a thread in the non active vendors area here is a direct link to the thread they have their contact info in it . hi can you share cults contact if you dont mind thanks . hi can you share cults contact if you dont mind thanks . they have a thread in the non active vendors area here is a direct link to the thread they have their contact info in it . everything alright with the cult their page has gone and had no reply from emails for a couple of days . everything alright with the cult their page has gone and had no reply from emails for a couple of days . announcement will clear up some of your questions guys . announcement will clear up some of your questions guys . 