im used to the market being problematical dos attacks and possibly server load issues on occasion but the forum usually functions fine seems to be really dysfunctional slow just checking if others are finding this to be the case too s or whoever must be desperate to spend resources on attacking the forum as well im going to have a shitload of threads to review respond to when the forum is back up running its a chore but i love it the hub serves a valuable service to the community as a neutral safe haven for discussion . im used to the market being problematical dos attacks and possibly server load issues on occasion but the forum usually functions fine seems to be really dysfunctional slow just checking if others are finding this to be the case too s or whoever must be desperate to spend resources on attacking the forum as well im going to have a shitload of threads to review respond to when the forum is back up running its a chore but i love it the hub serves a valuable service to the community as a neutral safe haven for discussion . yeah it seems to down probably some idiot ddosing them i wish people would grow up and just get on with things . sr is clearly in germinal decline a sad end compared to the noble approach of backopy when he shut down bmr in an orderly fashion it s chaos over there paranoid desparation i feel sorry for the a ve buyers a lot of young kids getting slammed without escrow i posted a message on the forum there yesterday that it was in customers best interests to go check out other markets forums sr has terminated my forum account independent opinion dissent is not tolerated it s orwellian the hub serves a great service as a neutral forum in contrast the agora forum is very lightly moderated if at all a librarian attitude other markets are discussed at will many sr customers are oblivious existing in the virtual equivalent of north korea totally shielded from the reality outside explained by a ruthless dictator i can t be bothered to re register on s cast into the dustbin of history . im used to the market being problematical dos attacks and possibly server load issues on occasion but the forum usually functions fine seems to be really dysfunctional slow just checking if others are finding this to be the case too s or whoever must be desperate to spend resources on attacking the forum as well im going to have a shitload of threads to review respond to when the forum is back up running its a chore but i love it the hub serves a valuable service to the community as a neutral safe haven for discussion . sr is clearly in germinal decline a sad end compared to the noble approach of backopy when he shut down bmr in an orderly fashion it s chaos over there paranoid desparation i feel sorry for the a ve buyers a lot of young kids getting slammed without escrow i posted a message on the forum there yesterday that it was in customers best interests to go check out other markets forums sr has terminated my forum account independent opinion dissent is not tolerated it s orwellian the hub serves a great service as a neutral forum in contrast the agora forum is very lightly moderated if at all a librarian attitude other markets are discussed at will many sr customers are oblivious existing in the virtual equivalent of north korea totally shielded from the reality outside explained by a ruthless dictator i can t be bothered to re register on s cast into the dustbin of history . yeah it seems to down probably some idiot ddosing them i wish people would grow up and just get on with things . yeah it seems to down probably some idiot ddosing them i wish people would grow up and just get on with things . sr is clearly in germinal decline a sad end compared to the noble approach of backopy when he shut down bmr in an orderly fashion it s chaos over there paranoid desparation i feel sorry for the a ve buyers a lot of young kids getting slammed without escrow i posted a message on the forum there yesterday that it was in customers best interests to go check out other markets forums sr has terminated my forum account independent opinion dissent is not tolerated it s orwellian the hub serves a great service as a neutral forum in contrast the agora forum is very lightly moderated if at all a librarian attitude other markets are discussed at will many sr customers are oblivious existing in the virtual equivalent of north korea totally shielded from the reality outside explained by a ruthless dictator i can t be bothered to re register on s cast into the dustbin of history . yeah it seems to down probably some idiot ddosing them i wish people would grow up and just get on with things . sr is clearly in germinal decline a sad end compared to the noble approach of backopy when he shut down bmr in an orderly fashion it s chaos over there paranoid desparation i feel sorry for the a ve buyers a lot of young kids getting slammed without escrow i posted a message on the forum there yesterday that it was in customers best interests to go check out other markets forums sr has terminated my forum account independent opinion dissent is not tolerated it s orwellian the hub serves a great service as a neutral forum in contrast the agora forum is very lightly moderated if at all a librarian attitude other markets are discussed at will many sr customers are oblivious existing in the virtual equivalent of north korea totally shielded from the reality outside explained by a ruthless dictator i can t be bothered to re register on s cast into the dustbin of history . im used to the market being problematical dos attacks and possibly server load issues on occasion but the forum usually functions fine seems to be really dysfunctional slow just checking if others are finding this to be the case too s or whoever must be desperate to spend resources on attacking the forum as well im going to have a shitload of threads to review respond to when the forum is back up running its a chore but i love it the hub serves a valuable service to the community as a neutral safe haven for discussion . forum back up and managed to log onto the market for the moment . i couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be . slow as fuck probably ddos attack . forum back up and managed to log onto the market for the moment . they do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways . i couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be . slow as fuck probably ddos attack . forum back up and managed to log onto the market for the moment . slow as fuck probably ddos attack . i couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be . slow as fuck probably ddos attack . they do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways . i couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be . they do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways . forum back up and managed to log onto the market for the moment . they do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways . annoying i wonder how much a do attack costs to organize per day it seems to be part of the economics of operating these markets assuming its one attacking the other i see evolution has multiply market addresses now which ive seen before i wonder how technically difficult that is to set up and why agra hasnt for the market forum attack seems a bit over the top and is just an annoyance edit market up forum down weird . its completely down right now not just slow but not even there . its completely down right now not just slow but not even there . its completely down right now not just slow but not even there . its completely down right now not just slow but not even there . annoying i wonder how much a do attack costs to organize per day it seems to be part of the economics of operating these markets assuming its one attacking the other i see evolution has multiply market addresses now which ive seen before i wonder how technically difficult that is to set up and why agra hasnt for the market forum attack seems a bit over the top and is just an annoyance edit market up forum down weird . annoying i wonder how much a do attack costs to organize per day it seems to be part of the economics of operating these markets assuming its one attacking the other i see evolution has multiply market addresses now which ive seen before i wonder how technically difficult that is to set up and why agra hasnt for the market forum attack seems a bit over the top and is just an annoyance edit market up forum down weird . annoying i wonder how much a do attack costs to organize per day it seems to be part of the economics of operating these markets assuming its one attacking the other i see evolution has multiply market addresses now which ive seen before i wonder how technically difficult that is to set up and why agra hasnt for the market forum attack seems a bit over the top and is just an annoyance edit market up forum down weird . agora forum has been shocking this past week at least the market isnt being effected . yep probably those s idiot ddosing forumthey havn t yet figured out that spending ressources to work on an escrow system will bring them many users back . strange though instants net is mostly reporting it up but my connection to it times out . whenever i do get it its all broken and ship after a couple of tries it seems to work for a had bit but slagging . this is very anoying for today hub for having an a sub forum market seems to be running just fine . good to see people making ther way here till its fixed tho howdy mates . whenever i do get it its all broken and ship after a couple of tries it seems to work for a had bit but slagging . yep probably those s idiot ddosing forumthey havn t yet figured out that spending ressources to work on an escrow system will bring them many users back . this is very anoying for today hub for having an a sub forum market seems to be running just fine . agora forum has been shocking this past week at least the market isnt being effected . have not been able to get on all day any info on this . give had trouble with the forums for days hopefully they fix it the market is working fine . this is very anoying for today hub for having an a sub forum market seems to be running just fine . good to see people making ther way here till its fixed tho howdy mates . whenever i do get it its all broken and ship after a couple of tries it seems to work for a had bit but slagging . give had trouble with the forums for days hopefully they fix it the market is working fine . this is very anoying for today hub for having an a sub forum market seems to be running just fine . strange though instants net is mostly reporting it up but my connection to it times out . have not been able to get on all day any info on this . agora forum has been shocking this past week at least the market isnt being effected . yep probably those s idiot ddosing forumthey havn t yet figured out that spending ressources to work on an escrow system will bring them many users back . agora forum has been shocking this past week at least the market isnt being effected . whenever i do get it its all broken and ship after a couple of tries it seems to work for a had bit but slagging . strange though instants net is mostly reporting it up but my connection to it times out . yep probably those s idiot ddosing forumthey havn t yet figured out that spending ressources to work on an escrow system will bring them many users back . strange though instants net is mostly reporting it up but my connection to it times out . have not been able to get on all day any info on this . good to see people making ther way here till its fixed tho howdy mates . give had trouble with the forums for days hopefully they fix it the market is working fine . good to see people making ther way here till its fixed tho howdy mates . have not been able to get on all day any info on this . give had trouble with the forums for days hopefully they fix it the market is working fine . forum still down . forums still appear to be dysfunctional . forums still appear to be dysfunctional . forum still down . ag forum has been unreliable for several days now see agra thread for a bit of discussion speculation on this . ag forum has been unreliable for several days now see agra thread for a bit of discussion speculation on this . ag forum has been unreliable for several days now see agra thread for a bit of discussion speculation on this . forums still appear to be dysfunctional . ag forum has been unreliable for several days now see agra thread for a bit of discussion speculation on this . forum still down . forum still down . forums still appear to be dysfunctional . i log onto the market a day and i havent been able to log on for over a week now forums timeout of the time and it literally takes hours to post on there better get their shit together . give been having probs with the forum also and tonight im having problems with the market too . same here the market works great but the forum is down better than the other way around nice to see other agorans here on hub i love having another place to go . give been having probs with the forum also and tonight im having problems with the market too . i log onto the market a day and i havent been able to log on for over a week now forums timeout of the time and it literally takes hours to post on there better get their shit together . give been having probs with the forum also and tonight im having problems with the market too . same here the market works great but the forum is down better than the other way around nice to see other agorans here on hub i love having another place to go . same here the market works great but the forum is down better than the other way around nice to see other agorans here on hub i love having another place to go . give been having probs with the forum also and tonight im having problems with the market too . i log onto the market a day and i havent been able to log on for over a week now forums timeout of the time and it literally takes hours to post on there better get their shit together . i log onto the market a day and i havent been able to log on for over a week now forums timeout of the time and it literally takes hours to post on there better get their shit together . same here the market works great but the forum is down better than the other way around nice to see other agorans here on hub i love having another place to go . agra now has drug listings compared to something like k for sr and k for evo i havent checked others but think listings drop off fast after these thats one measure of scale and agora is still growing despite service hiccups the real measure of interest is the level of trading btc throughput does anyone know how the markets compare in terms of trade volume can this be measured approximate . and the hub nearly has members including shills thats like drug per user sweet ill take the phattest . agra now has drug listings compared to something like k for sr and k for evo i havent checked others but think listings drop off fast after these thats one measure of scale and agora is still growing despite service hiccups the real measure of interest is the level of trading btc throughput does anyone know how the markets compare in terms of trade volume can this be measured approximate . and the hub nearly has members including shills thats like drug per user sweet ill take the phattest . on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is sr is . quote from northwest nuggets on june pm on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is s is thanks for the pointer grams is a really nice resource . quote from northwest nuggets on june pm on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is s is thanks for the pointer grams is a really nice resource . on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is sr is . agra now has drug listings compared to something like k for sr and k for evo i havent checked others but think listings drop off fast after these thats one measure of scale and agora is still growing despite service hiccups the real measure of interest is the level of trading btc throughput does anyone know how the markets compare in terms of trade volume can this be measured approximate . and the hub nearly has members including shills thats like drug per user sweet ill take the phattest . on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is sr is . quote from northwest nuggets on june pm on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is s is thanks for the pointer grams is a really nice resource . agra now has drug listings compared to something like k for sr and k for evo i havent checked others but think listings drop off fast after these thats one measure of scale and agora is still growing despite service hiccups the real measure of interest is the level of trading btc throughput does anyone know how the markets compare in terms of trade volume can this be measured approximate . and the hub nearly has members including shills thats like drug per user sweet ill take the phattest . on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is sr is . quote from northwest nuggets on june pm on check market status by bitcoins spent agora is eve is s is thanks for the pointer grams is a really nice resource . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways since the alleged hack of sr and btc stolen i have noticed a mass exodus of s vendors and buyers going to other markets in particular agora sr admin in various ways have ship in their own nest s total market volume share of sales is now down to about and dropping by the day see current sales across all markets quoted in btc as quoted by grams grams enufi joel onion infodesk click on check market status . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways since the alleged hack of sr and btc stolen i have noticed a mass exodus of s vendors and buyers going to other markets in particular agora sr admin in various ways have ship in their own nest s total market volume share of sales is now down to about and dropping by the day see current sales across all markets quoted in btc as quoted by grams grams enufi joel onion infodesk click on check market status . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways since the alleged hack of sr and btc stolen i have noticed a mass exodus of s vendors and buyers going to other markets in particular agora sr admin in various ways have ship in their own nest s total market volume share of sales is now down to about and dropping by the day see current sales across all markets quoted in btc as quoted by grams grams enufi joel onion infodesk click on check market status . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways since the alleged hack of sr and btc stolen i have noticed a mass exodus of s vendors and buyers going to other markets in particular agora sr admin in various ways have ship in their own nest s total market volume share of sales is now down to about and dropping by the day see current sales across all markets quoted in btc as quoted by grams grams enufi joel onion infodesk click on check market status . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways long live the green bulls i think i still have a few red bulls laying around for a special occasion . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways long live the green bulls i think i still have a few red bulls laying around for a special occasion . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways long live the green bulls i think i still have a few red bulls laying around for a special occasion . quote from kwikeemart on june amthey do have the largest customer buying power i think when we were on sr it did times the volume of all the other markets we were on combined so i do not think it is dying not a supporter but there user base is loyal also to add if someone is capable of finding sr they are capable of finding any other deep net market by just using a google search probably how they found sr anyways long live the green bulls i think i still have a few red bulls laying around for a special occasion . your welcomesilk road is on the path to the morguei will destroy it slow . your welcomesilk road is on the path to the morguei will destroy it slow . your welcomesilk road is on the path to the morguei will destroy it slow . your welcomesilk road is on the path to the morguei will destroy it slow . anyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated there must be many a n b dark web buyer fleeced of their hard earned btc because of mrs notoriety and fame the uninformed public see it as a thriving marketplace bustling with genuine commerce the wise know it for what it is a sheisters playground trading off the reputation of a once proud pioneer of liberty its a crying shame that its ending this way but change is the only constant especially on the fringes of society so in reality it was inevitable for such a trailblazing site my escrow of approx was refused a few months ago and i havent returned since and it was the hub forums that convinced me to make that decision which is why ill always keep coming back here as an anchor on rationality and a sanctuary amongst all the utter shit spewed out across the dark web an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace . anyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated there must be many a n b dark web buyer fleeced of their hard earned btc because of mrs notoriety and fame the uninformed public see it as a thriving marketplace bustling with genuine commerce the wise know it for what it is a sheisters playground trading off the reputation of a once proud pioneer of liberty its a crying shame that its ending this way but change is the only constant especially on the fringes of society so in reality it was inevitable for such a trailblazing site my escrow of approx was refused a few months ago and i havent returned since and it was the hub forums that convinced me to make that decision which is why ill always keep coming back here as an anchor on rationality and a sanctuary amongst all the utter shit spewed out across the dark web an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace . anyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated there must be many a n b dark web buyer fleeced of their hard earned btc because of mrs notoriety and fame the uninformed public see it as a thriving marketplace bustling with genuine commerce the wise know it for what it is a sheisters playground trading off the reputation of a once proud pioneer of liberty its a crying shame that its ending this way but change is the only constant especially on the fringes of society so in reality it was inevitable for such a trailblazing site my escrow of approx was refused a few months ago and i havent returned since and it was the hub forums that convinced me to make that decision which is why ill always keep coming back here as an anchor on rationality and a sanctuary amongst all the utter shit spewed out across the dark web an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace . anyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated there must be many a n b dark web buyer fleeced of their hard earned btc because of mrs notoriety and fame the uninformed public see it as a thriving marketplace bustling with genuine commerce the wise know it for what it is a sheisters playground trading off the reputation of a once proud pioneer of liberty its a crying shame that its ending this way but change is the only constant especially on the fringes of society so in reality it was inevitable for such a trailblazing site my escrow of approx was refused a few months ago and i havent returned since and it was the hub forums that convinced me to make that decision which is why ill always keep coming back here as an anchor on rationality and a sanctuary amongst all the utter shit spewed out across the dark web an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace . quote from feesh on july pmanyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace yes it is strange that angelina roses garden dere real gucci techno happy and a bunch of other old school vendors still vend there guess it is true when they say old habits die hard . quote from feesh on july pmanyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace yes it is strange that angelina roses garden dere real gucci techno happy and a bunch of other old school vendors still vend there guess it is true when they say old habits die hard . quote from feesh on july pmanyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace yes it is strange that angelina roses garden dere real gucci techno happy and a bunch of other old school vendors still vend there guess it is true when they say old habits die hard . quote from feesh on july pmanyone with a scintilla of common sense left s literally months ago its rascally a hotbed of scams with the odd rare genuine vendor thrown in just to confuse matters for the initiated an informed decision is ultimately a better safer one peace yes it is strange that angelina roses garden dere real gucci techno happy and a bunch of other old school vendors still vend there guess it is true when they say old habits die hard . quote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward io lol in what way is it striving forward seriously sr is only hanging on by a thread because of the perception that its still a let market let me break it down for you their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha there are many other markets that have all hthe functionality and resources that sr does just without the brand some of these other markets even have mufti sig escrow which is something sr has been promising for months and still has not even come close seriously everyone there are much better options out there than sr stop using sr and supporting the madness as long as people keep throwing money at the site they have no incentive to fix anything just stahp . quote from batman on july pm their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha theres been a mass of materialized updates there is no escrow as theyre working on multisig escrow but if you know your vendor then that doesnt matter as it is in having to finalize early for dear old mrcronk anyway . quote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward io lol in what way is it striving forward seriously sr is only hanging on by a thread because of the perception that its still a let market let me break it down for you their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha there are many other markets that have all hthe functionality and resources that sr does just without the brand some of these other markets even have mufti sig escrow which is something sr has been promising for months and still has not even come close seriously everyone there are much better options out there than sr stop using sr and supporting the madness as long as people keep throwing money at the site they have no incentive to fix anything just stahp . quote from batman on july pm their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha theres been a mass of materialized updates there is no escrow as theyre working on multisig escrow but if you know your vendor then that doesnt matter as it is in having to finalize early for dear old mrcronk anyway . how is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo . quote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward io lol in what way is it striving forward seriously sr is only hanging on by a thread because of the perception that its still a let market let me break it down for you their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha there are many other markets that have all hthe functionality and resources that sr does just without the brand some of these other markets even have mufti sig escrow which is something sr has been promising for months and still has not even come close seriously everyone there are much better options out there than sr stop using sr and supporting the madness as long as people keep throwing money at the site they have no incentive to fix anything just stahp . quote from batman on july pm their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha theres been a mass of materialized updates there is no escrow as theyre working on multisig escrow but if you know your vendor then that doesnt matter as it is in having to finalize early for dear old mrcronk anyway . how is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo . how is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo . quote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward io lol in what way is it striving forward seriously sr is only hanging on by a thread because of the perception that its still a let market let me break it down for you their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha there are many other markets that have all hthe functionality and resources that sr does just without the brand some of these other markets even have mufti sig escrow which is something sr has been promising for months and still has not even come close seriously everyone there are much better options out there than sr stop using sr and supporting the madness as long as people keep throwing money at the site they have no incentive to fix anything just stahp . quote from batman on july pm their admin is completely absent he shows up once every two weeks to post a couple things about updates that never materialize and progress and shit but nothing ever truly happens there is no escrow at all you shouldnt even be able to call yourself a market without having some sort of escrow option escrow exists to protect the buyers and vendors from getting slammed without it you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself haha theres been a mass of materialized updates there is no escrow as theyre working on multisig escrow but if you know your vendor then that doesnt matter as it is in having to finalize early for dear old mrcronk anyway . how is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo . quote from batman on july pmquote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself hahafucking capital idea thanks batman why didnt i think of that . quote from batman on july pmquote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself hahafucking capital idea thanks batman why didnt i think of that . quote from batman on july pmquote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself hahafucking capital idea thanks batman why didnt i think of that . quote from batman on july pmquote from mike on july pmhow is it declining it seems to be striving forward imo you may as well just connect directly with trusted vendors and work that way to save yourself the that sr is taking for literally doing nothing except taking your coin and sending it to the vendor which is something you could just fuckin do yourself hahafucking capital idea thanks batman why didnt i think of that . quote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to be . i dont think its quite as bad as people make it out to be if you spend some time reading the forums and get a good idea of who the imputable vendors are and use a bit of common sense its not that hard not to get slammed it reminds me of the escort scene those who go shark hunting on craigslist and backpage instead of sticking with the well known providers are always the ones getting fleeced that being said it is flaky as hell and has a lot of issues and thats why im here going to see what else is out there but you can still get good product on sr only if the fucking site will stay up long enough for you to shop . quote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to be . i dont think its quite as bad as people make it out to be if you spend some time reading the forums and get a good idea of who the imputable vendors are and use a bit of common sense its not that hard not to get slammed it reminds me of the escort scene those who go shark hunting on craigslist and backpage instead of sticking with the well known providers are always the ones getting fleeced that being said it is flaky as hell and has a lot of issues and thats why im here going to see what else is out there but you can still get good product on sr only if the fucking site will stay up long enough for you to shop . i dont think its quite as bad as people make it out to be if you spend some time reading the forums and get a good idea of who the imputable vendors are and use a bit of common sense its not that hard not to get slammed it reminds me of the escort scene those who go shark hunting on craigslist and backpage instead of sticking with the well known providers are always the ones getting fleeced that being said it is flaky as hell and has a lot of issues and thats why im here going to see what else is out there but you can still get good product on sr only if the fucking site will stay up long enough for you to shop . quote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to be . quote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to be . i dont think its quite as bad as people make it out to be if you spend some time reading the forums and get a good idea of who the imputable vendors are and use a bit of common sense its not that hard not to get slammed it reminds me of the escort scene those who go shark hunting on craigslist and backpage instead of sticking with the well known providers are always the ones getting fleeced that being said it is flaky as hell and has a lot of issues and thats why im here going to see what else is out there but you can still get good product on sr only if the fucking site will stay up long enough for you to shop . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to bethe forum is also on its way out most of the long running posts have dried up leaving those looking for info to run around like virtual headless chickens as theres rarely anyone who can provide a decent answer . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to bethe forum is also on its way out most of the long running posts have dried up leaving those looking for info to run around like virtual headless chickens as theres rarely anyone who can provide a decent answer . be prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there . be prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to bethe forum is also on its way out most of the long running posts have dried up leaving those looking for info to run around like virtual headless chickens as theres rarely anyone who can provide a decent answer . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to bethe forum is also on its way out most of the long running posts have dried up leaving those looking for info to run around like virtual headless chickens as theres rarely anyone who can provide a decent answer . be prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there . be prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to beif you done get banned mods robots are ban happy over there besides there is a lot of misinformation put out by the mods and higher ups its a shifty forum . if its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at sr . if its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at sr . if its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at sr . if its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at sr . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to beif you done get banned mods robots are ban happy over there besides there is a lot of misinformation put out by the mods and higher ups its a shifty forum . quote from yoshi on august amif its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at srtheres that bag of douche yoshi i havent bought from sr since the infamous hack and the removal of escrow plus where oh where did buttonwood go i can still remember the smell of that lemon og . quote from yoshi on august amif its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at srtheres that bag of douche yoshi i havent bought from sr since the infamous hack and the removal of escrow plus where oh where did buttonwood go i can still remember the smell of that lemon og . quote from yoshi on august amif its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at srtheres that bag of douche yoshi i havent bought from sr since the infamous hack and the removal of escrow plus where oh where did buttonwood go i can still remember the smell of that lemon og . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to beif you done get banned mods robots are ban happy over there besides there is a lot of misinformation put out by the mods and higher ups its a shifty forum . quote from bencousins on july amquote from trolltergeist on june ami couldnt be happier to here that sr is dying and that people are finally smarting up and avoiding that forum and market sr is a dirty smear on the dw the sooner we get it out the better we all will be agree but the sr forum is still the place to beif you done get banned mods robots are ban happy over there besides there is a lot of misinformation put out by the mods and higher ups its a shifty forum . quote from yoshi on august amif its such a shifty forum why do you spend most of your time posting with your shill acounts over at srtheres that bag of douche yoshi i havent bought from sr since the infamous hack and the removal of escrow plus where oh where did buttonwood go i can still remember the smell of that lemon og . quote from pothead on july pmbe prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there they are the moderators behind normal memberaccounts created for the purpose of makin sr appeare loved by normal members . quote from pothead on july pmbe prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there they are the moderators behind normal memberaccounts created for the purpose of makin sr appeare loved by normal members . quote from pothead on july pmbe prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there they are the moderators behind normal memberaccounts created for the purpose of makin sr appeare loved by normal members . quote from pothead on july pmbe prepared for verbal attacks by father ten and yoshi for those negative words about s people like them are the reason sr will never dietotal dedication and loyalty and bliss when it comes to silk road whatever the problems it always hascomplete blind loyalty and there are alot of them like ten old school vendors and members is it a secret drug i am missing out on thats keeps them there they are the moderators behind normal memberaccounts created for the purpose of makin sr appeare loved by normal members . if you havent noticed . if you havent noticed . if you havent noticed . been down the past couple of days for me . been down the past couple of days for me . been down the past couple of days for me . down now also it seems . down now also it seems . down now also it seems . nope just you . nope just you . nope just you . it seems azores forum is down constantly give noticed that the amount of new posts appear to be dropping in assume due to people giving up on trying to log in i think market forums are essential to any market so obviously this can not be good for agora anyone want to speculate why the agora forums are so unstable . it seems azores forum is down constantly give noticed that the amount of new posts appear to be dropping in assume due to people giving up on trying to log in i think market forums are essential to any market so obviously this can not be good for agora anyone want to speculate why the agora forums are so unstable . it seems azores forum is down constantly give noticed that the amount of new posts appear to be dropping in assume due to people giving up on trying to log in i think market forums are essential to any market so obviously this can not be good for agora anyone want to speculate why the agora forums are so unstable . the market is working fine for the most part but i know people are hesitant placing orders due to the forums being down padding feedback is easy so correlating a vendors feedback against forum posts is essential in some ways i agree with agora admin not posting often but at times like these i think a simple post explaining the constant down time would do wonders for buyer confidence . the market is working fine for the most part but i know people are hesitant placing orders due to the forums being down padding feedback is easy so correlating a vendors feedback against forum posts is essential in some ways i agree with agora admin not posting often but at times like these i think a simple post explaining the constant down time would do wonders for buyer confidence . is the market functioning okay i havent checked for a while but haven heard of issues there historically forum problems have been rarer than market problems but often linked in terms of timing so the problems have been ascribed to the same reasons ddos attacks or security actions spilling over or serve demand certainly the forum is less of a priority to the guys running the market although the forum being down must be affecting market transactions youre totally right a good forum is essential for a healthy market and takes time to develop so is quite an effective indirect target if anyone wants to disrupt the market perhaps its an easier target than the market anyway annoying but exactly why having the hub here is very handy separate from any particular market . is the market functioning okay i havent checked for a while but haven heard of issues there historically forum problems have been rarer than market problems but often linked in terms of timing so the problems have been ascribed to the same reasons ddos attacks or security actions spilling over or serve demand certainly the forum is less of a priority to the guys running the market although the forum being down must be affecting market transactions youre totally right a good forum is essential for a healthy market and takes time to develop so is quite an effective indirect target if anyone wants to disrupt the market perhaps its an easier target than the market anyway annoying but exactly why having the hub here is very handy separate from any particular market . the market is working fine for the most part but i know people are hesitant placing orders due to the forums being down padding feedback is easy so correlating a vendors feedback against forum posts is essential in some ways i agree with agora admin not posting often but at times like these i think a simple post explaining the constant down time would do wonders for buyer confidence . is the market functioning okay i havent checked for a while but haven heard of issues there historically forum problems have been rarer than market problems but often linked in terms of timing so the problems have been ascribed to the same reasons ddos attacks or security actions spilling over or serve demand certainly the forum is less of a priority to the guys running the market although the forum being down must be affecting market transactions youre totally right a good forum is essential for a healthy market and takes time to develop so is quite an effective indirect target if anyone wants to disrupt the market perhaps its an easier target than the market anyway annoying but exactly why having the hub here is very handy separate from any particular market . forum up market down usual yo yo yo . both market and forum are down again . both market and forum are down again . forum up market down usual yo yo yo . both market and forum are down again . forum up market down usual yo yo yo . i just spent a couple of minutes on the agora forum and i noticed something disturbing the agra forum is running an outraged version of the smf software if you look at the version the hub is running it is the latest version the agora forums are running dated here is the announcement where the security patches for smf were published quoteoffline oldiesmann lead developer smf super hero posts gender male ask me about the function db oldiesmann on facebook oldiesmann on github on linked oldiesmann on twitter archie comics fan forumsmf security patches released on october am dear users simple machines forum has released security patches to both the x and the x release lines this brings our released versions to smf and smf several security issues were identified in both release lines and have been addressed with this patch it is therefore recommended that you update your forums immediately to ensure that your community is safe in addition to the security patches a few bug fixes for the smf line have also been included in the patch if you are running version you can update your forum to version using the package manager as usual you should see the parade notification in the admit panel and in the package manager which will allow you to download and install the patch fearlessly if you dont see the notification about the plate please run the scedule task fetch simple machines files you can also download the patch for from the customize site by downloading the smf patch zip patch file and then installing it from the package manager like any other mod package if you are running you can update to by using the of patch zip patch file and installing it via the package manager as well if you are still using x branch please be aware this will be the last patch released for this version so you are strongly urged to upgrade to in order to be able to continue to receive security upgrades to your forum note that we will continue to provide support for until final is released if you use older versions of smf you can upgrade by using the full upgrade archive for version from the downloads page be aware that using this parade method will require you to replace your mods with ones designed for the x lineyou can also view the change log for the latest release as usual on the downloads page if you are having problems downloading the patch from the admit panel you can download the package from the parade patches page and install it like a mod as instructed above please refer to the online manual for more details about upgrading patchingplease do not use this topic for support requests you will receive a much quicker and better response by posting in the elegant support board thank you for using of regards simple machines forum this doesnt exactly inspire confidence to say the least one might cut the admin s a little slack if the forum were devoted to discussions of my little pony but when it comes to a darknet market forum this is negligence of the first order it therefore comes as no surprise whatsoever to find that the forum has continuous downtime my advice would be to encrypt everything and use the forum only to the absolute minimum possible zaphod . i just spent a couple of minutes on the agora forum and i noticed something disturbing the agra forum is running an outraged version of the smf software if you look at the version the hub is running it is the latest version the agora forums are running dated here is the announcement where the security patches for smf were published quoteoffline oldiesmann lead developer smf super hero posts gender male ask me about the function db oldiesmann on facebook oldiesmann on github on linked oldiesmann on twitter archie comics fan forumsmf security patches released on october am dear users simple machines forum has released security patches to both the x and the x release lines this brings our released versions to smf and smf several security issues were identified in both release lines and have been addressed with this patch it is therefore recommended that you update your forums immediately to ensure that your community is safe in addition to the security patches a few bug fixes for the smf line have also been included in the patch if you are running version you can update your forum to version using the package manager as usual you should see the parade notification in the admit panel and in the package manager which will allow you to download and install the patch fearlessly if you dont see the notification about the plate please run the scedule task fetch simple machines files you can also download the patch for from the customize site by downloading the smf patch zip patch file and then installing it from the package manager like any other mod package if you are running you can update to by using the of patch zip patch file and installing it via the package manager as well if you are still using x branch please be aware this will be the last patch released for this version so you are strongly urged to upgrade to in order to be able to continue to receive security upgrades to your forum note that we will continue to provide support for until final is released if you use older versions of smf you can upgrade by using the full upgrade archive for version from the downloads page be aware that using this parade method will require you to replace your mods with ones designed for the x lineyou can also view the change log for the latest release as usual on the downloads page if you are having problems downloading the patch from the admit panel you can download the package from the parade patches page and install it like a mod as instructed above please refer to the online manual for more details about upgrading patchingplease do not use this topic for support requests you will receive a much quicker and better response by posting in the elegant support board thank you for using of regards simple machines forum this doesnt exactly inspire confidence to say the least one might cut the admin s a little slack if the forum were devoted to discussions of my little pony but when it comes to a darknet market forum this is negligence of the first order it therefore comes as no surprise whatsoever to find that the forum has continuous downtime my advice would be to encrypt everything and use the forum only to the absolute minimum possible zaphod . i just spent a couple of minutes on the agora forum and i noticed something disturbing the agra forum is running an outraged version of the smf software if you look at the version the hub is running it is the latest version the agora forums are running dated here is the announcement where the security patches for smf were published quoteoffline oldiesmann lead developer smf super hero posts gender male ask me about the function db oldiesmann on facebook oldiesmann on github on linked oldiesmann on twitter archie comics fan forumsmf security patches released on october am dear users simple machines forum has released security patches to both the x and the x release lines this brings our released versions to smf and smf several security issues were identified in both release lines and have been addressed with this patch it is therefore recommended that you update your forums immediately to ensure that your community is safe in addition to the security patches a few bug fixes for the smf line have also been included in the patch if you are running version you can update your forum to version using the package manager as usual you should see the parade notification in the admit panel and in the package manager which will allow you to download and install the patch fearlessly if you dont see the notification about the plate please run the scedule task fetch simple machines files you can also download the patch for from the customize site by downloading the smf patch zip patch file and then installing it from the package manager like any other mod package if you are running you can update to by using the of patch zip patch file and installing it via the package manager as well if you are still using x branch please be aware this will be the last patch released for this version so you are strongly urged to upgrade to in order to be able to continue to receive security upgrades to your forum note that we will continue to provide support for until final is released if you use older versions of smf you can upgrade by using the full upgrade archive for version from the downloads page be aware that using this parade method will require you to replace your mods with ones designed for the x lineyou can also view the change log for the latest release as usual on the downloads page if you are having problems downloading the patch from the admit panel you can download the package from the parade patches page and install it like a mod as instructed above please refer to the online manual for more details about upgrading patchingplease do not use this topic for support requests you will receive a much quicker and better response by posting in the elegant support board thank you for using of regards simple machines forum this doesnt exactly inspire confidence to say the least one might cut the admin s a little slack if the forum were devoted to discussions of my little pony but when it comes to a darknet market forum this is negligence of the first order it therefore comes as no surprise whatsoever to find that the forum has continuous downtime my advice would be to encrypt everything and use the forum only to the absolute minimum possible zaphod . well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity i know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance . well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity i know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance . well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity i know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance . forums arent gone forever as they can put them on another server however i agree the up and down with the forums and site are frustrating and eve seems far superior to me . forums arent gone forever as they can put them on another server however i agree the up and down with the forums and site are frustrating and eve seems far superior to me . ever since i read the problems found with smf ags forum have been down . i hope it s not gone for good dont know how long i can do biz on a market w o a forum traffic is slowing already . i think the agora forums might be gone for good this time it s almost been a week since i have been able to log on seems like the server is down now . quote from speedfreak on february pm well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity my guess is that this will allow hacking of forum accounts etc ones browser settings are irrelevant in the sense that all the vulnerabilities are serve side if you keep your tbb or tails up to date you should be safe insular as having your ip address revealed tor should take care of that what these types of forum compromises usually involve are people getting access to account information pms etc that is why you never use a clearnet email address on one of these forums and why you should pgp encrypt all of your pms a few years back i had a frank discussion with a now vanished sr forum mod they told me that there were quite literally thousands of people on there using clearnet email addresses like gmail on the forum they told me that this literally raised the hairs on the back of their neck when they realized this a damn good percentage of the forums users were vulnerable for many this information alone would have been enough to unmask them quote from speedfreak on february pmi know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance which again is why you take precautions zaphod . ever since i read the problems found with smf ags forum have been down . i hope it s not gone for good dont know how long i can do biz on a market w o a forum traffic is slowing already . i wouldn t do any business on a market without a forum which is why i have not trusted agora in months now i would think evo is a far better bet now and the forums are active . i think the agora forums might be gone for good this time it s almost been a week since i have been able to log on seems like the server is down now . ill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills . quote from speedfreak on february pm well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity my guess is that this will allow hacking of forum accounts etc ones browser settings are irrelevant in the sense that all the vulnerabilities are serve side if you keep your tbb or tails up to date you should be safe insular as having your ip address revealed tor should take care of that what these types of forum compromises usually involve are people getting access to account information pms etc that is why you never use a clearnet email address on one of these forums and why you should pgp encrypt all of your pms a few years back i had a frank discussion with a now vanished sr forum mod they told me that there were quite literally thousands of people on there using clearnet email addresses like gmail on the forum they told me that this literally raised the hairs on the back of their neck when they realized this a damn good percentage of the forums users were vulnerable for many this information alone would have been enough to unmask them quote from speedfreak on february pmi know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance which again is why you take precautions zaphod . i wouldn t do any business on a market without a forum which is why i have not trusted agora in months now i would think evo is a far better bet now and the forums are active . ever since i read the problems found with smf ags forum have been down . quote from speedfreak on february pm well spotted thats quite out of date and i note the warning from the of security patch upgrade recommendation what sort of security risk might be involved assuming the tor browser security settings are correctly set etc hacking forum accounts or worse somehow revealing identity my guess is that this will allow hacking of forum accounts etc ones browser settings are irrelevant in the sense that all the vulnerabilities are serve side if you keep your tbb or tails up to date you should be safe insular as having your ip address revealed tor should take care of that what these types of forum compromises usually involve are people getting access to account information pms etc that is why you never use a clearnet email address on one of these forums and why you should pgp encrypt all of your pms a few years back i had a frank discussion with a now vanished sr forum mod they told me that there were quite literally thousands of people on there using clearnet email addresses like gmail on the forum they told me that this literally raised the hairs on the back of their neck when they realized this a damn good percentage of the forums users were vulnerable for many this information alone would have been enough to unmask them quote from speedfreak on february pmi know agora has had its problems ddos attacks etc i recall when it was one of many small markets emerging from the post sr chaos give always wondered if the development team is just too small to manage the scale of operations property could be just one person and i can understand a reluctance to recruit further help so stuff falls between the cracks like forum maintenance which again is why you take precautions zaphod . forums arent gone forever as they can put them on another server however i agree the up and down with the forums and site are frustrating and eve seems far superior to me . ill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills . i think the agora forums might be gone for good this time it s almost been a week since i have been able to log on seems like the server is down now . i wouldn t do any business on a market without a forum which is why i have not trusted agora in months now i would think evo is a far better bet now and the forums are active . ill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills . i hope it s not gone for good dont know how long i can do biz on a market w o a forum traffic is slowing already . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills zaphon pointed out on another agora thread here that agora is using a several years outraged version of simple machines forums and that is not a good sign . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills zaphon pointed out on another agora thread here that agora is using a several years outraged version of simple machines forums and that is not a good sign . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills zaphon pointed out on another agora thread here that agora is using a several years outraged version of simple machines forums and that is not a good sign . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills do you not find reddit useless all noobs . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills do you not find reddit useless all noobs . quote from boneskoopa on march pmill still do business at ag so long as thehub and reddit have forms for them though i do understand why not having a forum can be troublesome past experience shows that markets that are about to run off kill the forums first in order to keep users from communicating with each other sheep tor pandora just a few that come to mind if the market were compromise usually the forum stay up for a while sr still i believe that ag simply does not want to support smf until they can fix it or find another host personally i think they should do it like sr where there was a forum on every category on the market site itself nobody has implicated that still not even sr it was also the best method to weed out shills do you not find reddit useless all noobs . ive used various mixing services on a relatively unfrequent basis without problems for a couple of years bitcoin fog grams bitcoin blender to clean coins purchased on lbc in between i ve read about security scamming problems with all of these difficult to tell whether these are real problems or paranoia rumour normal stuation of course me included all these services are still functioning in getting ready to re stock my bitcoin stash and was wondering what the current views are of these services or if there are new imputable services available any advice welcome no adverts or referrals please thanks keep safe sf . quote from salamanca on may pmand as a general rule of thumb never send more money than youre prepared to loose this rascally means that you should split up send many small amounts rather than everything at once im also interested in the safety aspect if anyone else has insights on what makes a site truly trustworthy here are some sites commission fee gram bitcoin blender randomized fee of sigaints pay shield around cleancoin btc mixer is very fast in comparison to any other service that i have ever used so that makes up for the relatively high commission fee warning this user seems to be a scammer first uri is not the real grams one it links to a fake website seems like he has been able to make some cash this way already that i trust the real grams but if you send coins to the address given in this first link they will be lost alway double check that you are on the real site before sending any btc to a mixer or wallet . im not a scammer i made a mistake and its a perfect demonstration of just how careful you have to be when browsing the deep web done trust anyone . i do not trust any of these services but its an essential part of the process if you want to stay anonymous give tried a few different mixing services but i tend to go for the ones with the lowest commission fee around as long as its not an obvious scam always do your research and as a general rule of thumb never send more money than youre prepared to loose this rascally means that you should split up send many small amounts rather than everything at once im also interested in the safety aspect if anyone else has insights on what makes a site truly trustworthy here are some sites commission fee gram bitcoin blender randomized fee of sigaints pay shield around cleancoin btc mixer is very fast in comparison to any other service that i have ever used so that makes up for the relatively high commission fee . ive used various mixing services on a relatively unfrequent basis without problems for a couple of years bitcoin fog grams bitcoin blender to clean coins purchased on lbc in between i ve read about security scamming problems with all of these difficult to tell whether these are real problems or paranoia rumour normal stuation of course me included all these services are still functioning in getting ready to re stock my bitcoin stash and was wondering what the current views are of these services or if there are new imputable services available any advice welcome no adverts or referrals please thanks keep safe sf . thanks salamanca good advice to split up funds to spread the risk and for the pointers to other mixers . i do not trust any of these services but its an essential part of the process if you want to stay anonymous give tried a few different mixing services but i tend to go for the ones with the lowest commission fee around as long as its not an obvious scam always do your research and as a general rule of thumb never send more money than youre prepared to loose this rascally means that you should split up send many small amounts rather than everything at once im also interested in the safety aspect if anyone else has insights on what makes a site truly trustworthy here are some sites commission fee gram bitcoin blender randomized fee of sigaints pay shield around mixer is very fast in comparison to any other service that i have ever used so that makes up for the relatively high commission fee . thanks salamanca good advice to split up funds to spread the risk and for the pointers to other mixers . give seen payshield xfers go through anywhere between m i know a few people that use them on a fairly regular basis never heard of any issues . was gon na say no thats the real grams one but noticed hoof has been here working that edit magic again monsieur salamanca best find a cheaper surgeon for that nipple removal oh wait a minute that was scaramanga yeah nonetheless naughty man . quote from salamanca on june pmim not a scammer i made a mistake and its a perfect demonstration of just how careful you have to be when browsing the deep web done trust anyone be honest though dude do you have three nipples . oooooooooooooooo he said you got three niiiiiiiiipppppppllllllleeeeeeesssssss . wow . give read recently on this and other forums grams is not the go to anymore just my opinion never used payshield but used bitblender several times i use signing for email and may try small amounts for payshields quickness performance bitfog ill no longer use as i waited almost days for coins to clear and it was a fair amount of money always read current info on mixers as its your money not theirs . quote from lizard on may amquote from salamanca on may pmand as a general rule of thumb never send more money than youre prepared to loose this rascally means that you should split up send many small amounts rather than everything at once im also interested in the safety aspect if anyone else has insights on what makes a site truly trustworthy here are some sites commission fee gram bitcoin blender randomized fee of sigaints pay shield around cleancoin btc mixer is very fast in comparison to any other service that i have ever used so that makes up for the relatively high commission fee warning this user seems to be a scammer first uri is not the real grams one it links to a fake website seems like he has been able to make some cash this way already that i trust the real grams but if you send coins to the address given in this first link they will be lost alway double check that you are on the real site before sending any btc to a mixer or wallet . 