of course there is but to start with is that a server hasted on your own pc or a serve rented from some retailer . speaking bout cats if you want to host some nice cat website i see some people using some raspberry pi to host their hidden services even some turkish dissidents or some other guys do it this way so i guess it can be done relatively easy and cheap now about security i dont know how they manage but of course we are talking bout some cat site here teh heh . is there a checklist of things that should be done to secure a server before running a hidden service . speaking bout cats if you want to host some nice cat website i see some people using some raspberry pi to host their hidden services even some turkish dissidents or some other guys do it this way so i guess it can be done relatively easy and cheap now about security i dont know how they manage but of course we are talking bout some cat site here teh heh . of course there is but to start with is that a server hasted on your own pc or a serve rented from some retailer . of course there is but to start with is that a server hasted on your own pc or a serve rented from some retailer . if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again . is there a checklist of things that should be done to secure a server before running a hidden service . if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again . is there a checklist of things that should be done to secure a server before running a hidden service . speaking bout cats if you want to host some nice cat website i see some people using some raspberry pi to host their hidden services even some turkish dissidents or some other guys do it this way so i guess it can be done relatively easy and cheap now about security i dont know how they manage but of course we are talking bout some cat site here teh heh . is there a checklist of things that should be done to secure a server before running a hidden service . of course there is but to start with is that a server hasted on your own pc or a serve rented from some retailer . speaking bout cats if you want to host some nice cat website i see some people using some raspberry pi to host their hidden services even some turkish dissidents or some other guys do it this way so i guess it can be done relatively easy and cheap now about security i dont know how they manage but of course we are talking bout some cat site here teh heh . if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again . if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again . make sure talking is animal make a plan with your crew make sure people are trained to stand up to the heat people still might talk so make sure someone is paying them off keep a lawyer on a retainer for your crew youl need someone like that on your side if someone bad ever happens it is probably a good idea to put all operations on hold destroy all the evidence or put it in a obscure location . hosting on vm or home server maybe raspberry pi in my case i will be running bsd . quote from tang on october if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again looks like i found yer stray site . hosting on vm or home server maybe raspberry pi in my case i will be running bsd . is it a good idea to get out of town and hang low somewhere else . quote from tang on october if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again looks like i found yer stray site . is it a good idea to get out of town and hang low somewhere else . is it a good idea to get out of town and hang low somewhere else . evidently one of the most important parts of a criminal business plan is what to do when caught what are good general plans for what to do when your criminal conspiracy is busted . is it a good idea to get out of town and hang low somewhere else . evidently one of the most important parts of a criminal business plan is what to do when caught what are good general plans for what to do when your criminal conspiracy is busted . quote from tang on october if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again looks like i found yer stray site . make sure talking is animal make a plan with your crew make sure people are trained to stand up to the heat people still might talk so make sure someone is paying them off keep a lawyer on a retainer for your crew youl need someone like that on your side if someone bad ever happens it is probably a good idea to put all operations on hold destroy all the evidence or put it in a obscure location . evidently one of the most important parts of a criminal business plan is what to do when caught what are good general plans for what to do when your criminal conspiracy is busted . make sure talking is animal make a plan with your crew make sure people are trained to stand up to the heat people still might talk so make sure someone is paying them off keep a lawyer on a retainer for your crew youl need someone like that on your side if someone bad ever happens it is probably a good idea to put all operations on hold destroy all the evidence or put it in a obscure location . hosting on vm or home server maybe raspberry pi in my case i will be running bsd . quote from tang on october if youre a newb then use something like torvps give out free shells if you ask nicely on their irc i had one where i had pictures of cats then forgot the password tangs catland will rise again looks like i found yer stray site . evidently one of the most important parts of a criminal business plan is what to do when caught what are good general plans for what to do when your criminal conspiracy is busted . make sure talking is animal make a plan with your crew make sure people are trained to stand up to the heat people still might talk so make sure someone is paying them off keep a lawyer on a retainer for your crew youl need someone like that on your side if someone bad ever happens it is probably a good idea to put all operations on hold destroy all the evidence or put it in a obscure location . hosting on vm or home server maybe raspberry pi in my case i will be running bsd . its a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him . organized crime often succeeds where lone guys or disorganised groups get caught modern organized cybercrime is quite sophisticated with c level executives dpr had an organization but he was far less organized than he should have been . organized crime often succeeds where lone guys or disorganised groups get caught modern organized cybercrime is quite sophisticated with c level executives dpr had an organization but he was far less organized than he should have been . its a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him . its a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him . organized crime often succeeds where lone guys or disorganised groups get caught modern organized cybercrime is quite sophisticated with c level executives dpr had an organization but he was far less organized than he should have been . organized crime often succeeds where lone guys or disorganised groups get caught modern organized cybercrime is quite sophisticated with c level executives dpr had an organization but he was far less organized than he should have been . its a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him . quote from modernlove on october pmits a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him a good trick around that is invest in things lea wouldn think were liquidate assets mtg cards funny thing mtgox xtals seen as happy garbage books no shit so long as theyre not withal tihkal o woopsthese things will be discarded and happily given to defendant or his family sell legally via bay amazon etc volia proof of income . quote from modernlove on october pmits a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him a good trick around that is invest in things lea wouldn think were liquidate assets mtg cards funny thing mtgox xtals seen as happy garbage books no shit so long as theyre not withal tihkal o woopsthese things will be discarded and happily given to defendant or his family sell legally via bay amazon etc volia proof of income . quote from modernlove on october pmits a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him a good trick around that is invest in things lea wouldn think were liquidate assets mtg cards funny thing mtgox xtals seen as happy garbage books no shit so long as theyre not withal tihkal o woopsthese things will be discarded and happily given to defendant or his family sell legally via bay amazon etc volia proof of income . quote from modernlove on october pmits a good idea to have money in reserve for bail and attorneys and such in case the worst should happen to your operation but remember that any money or valuables in your house your car bank account or safe deposit box under your own name etc is going to be stolen by le if they come in with a warrant so this money needs to be far away from you but also accessible by someone who can use it to help you if youre locked up isnt it sad that dpr had millions when he was busted but none of that money could help him because it all got seized right along with him a good trick around that is invest in things lea wouldn think were liquidate assets mtg cards funny thing mtgox xtals seen as happy garbage books no shit so long as theyre not withal tihkal o woopsthese things will be discarded and happily given to defendant or his family sell legally via bay amazon etc volia proof of income . geocache gold coins . dude no shit x super geometrical psychedelic canvas for events worth thousands they think its garbage and give it back when all is said and done lol . geocache gold coins . dude no shit x super geometrical psychedelic canvas for events worth thousands they think its garbage and give it back when all is said and done lol . geocache gold coins . dude no shit x super geometrical psychedelic canvas for events worth thousands they think its garbage and give it back when all is said and done lol . dude no shit x super geometrical psychedelic canvas for events worth thousands they think its garbage and give it back when all is said and done lol . geocache gold coins . you seem to have been gone for quite a while . dont host from home get a server in a data center that is completely unthinkable to you paid for anonymously always with tor always with fake info you dont want the compromise of your hs to be the compromise of you use physical or virtual isolation absolute requirement use a lightweight web server like nginx not apache you can layer isolation with jails inside of virtual machines use a system with pay grsec harden your web server with grsec rbac it has a learning mode make sure to use a bit os so aser works . im not really coming back i just happened back here and decided to make some posts for a bit i hardly use drugs anymore and am not particularly interested in forum scene at this point in my life but its nice to say hi to everyone and all and i might as well swam security at you for a bit because im still in support of the movement . dont host from home get a server in a data center that is completely unthinkable to you paid for anonymously always with tor always with fake info you dont want the compromise of your hs to be the compromise of you use physical or virtual isolation absolute requirement use a lightweight web server like nginx not apache you can layer isolation with jails inside of virtual machines use a system with pay grsec harden your web server with grsec rbac it has a learning mode make sure to use a bit os so aser works . you seem to have been gone for quite a while . im not really coming back i just happened back here and decided to make some posts for a bit i hardly use drugs anymore and am not particularly interested in forum scene at this point in my life but its nice to say hi to everyone and all and i might as well swam security at you for a bit because im still in support of the movement . 