so i recently stumbled onto doxxbin and just happened to look through it and while i know there is far worse things on the dark net i am just wondering what the deal is with it i mean in my opinion uness i ve missed the point entirely do ing someone seems just like the most horrible thing one person can do to another via the internet i m assuming people do this to others as a means of revenge or because they are totally evil sociopaths and i m also assuming other people use that information to harm these doted people in real life ways particularly finacially like really of i hope i haven t broken a rule with this post but i guess my primary question is how do you protect yourself from that you d think that the ways of protecting yourself from such exploitation are common sense but there are so many people on that website it s just shocking . so i recently stumbled onto doxxbin and just happened to look through it and while i know there is far worse things on the dark net i am just wondering what the deal is with it i mean in my opinion unless ive missed the point entirely doxxing someone seems just like the most horrible thing one person can do to another via the internet im assuming people do this to others as a means of revenge or because they are totally evil sociopaths and im also assuming other people use that information to harm these doted people in real life ways particularly finacially like really of i hope i havent broken a rule with this post but i guess my primary question is how do you protect yourself from that youd think that the ways of protecting yourself from such exploitation are common sense but there are so many people on that website its just shocking . so i recently stumbled onto doxxbin and just happened to look through it and while i know there is far worse things on the dark net i am just wondering what the deal is with it i mean in my opinion unless ive missed the point entirely doxxing someone seems just like the most horrible thing one person can do to another via the internet im assuming people do this to others as a means of revenge or because they are totally evil sociopaths and im also assuming other people use that information to harm these doted people in real life ways particularly finacially like really of i hope i havent broken a rule with this post but i guess my primary question is how do you protect yourself from that youd think that the ways of protecting yourself from such exploitation are common sense but there are so many people on that website its just shocking . wow thanks for linking that . here ya go brother man it wil at least lay out tons of basics . here ya go brother man it wil at least lay out tons of basics . wow thanks for linking that . quote from spaceyourface on may pmwow thanks for linking that no problem read it throughly ton and tons of good tips im no expert but if you have any question feel free to pm me i will try and help you work it out cheer rhett . wow thanks for linking that . quote from spaceyourface on may pmwow thanks for linking that no problem read it throughly ton and tons of good tips im no expert but if you have any question feel free to pm me i will try and help you work it out cheer rhett . here ya go brother man it wil at least lay out tons of basics . quote from spaceyourface on may pmwow thanks for linking that no problem read it throughly ton and tons of good tips i m no expert but if you have any question feel free to pm me i will try and help you work it out cheer rhett . 