if it s around for good now i have the unpleasant duty of eating my fedora . if its around for good now i have the unpleasant duty of eating my fedora . saw that no explanation as yet but agora had closed lips in downtime and it never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation think the yanks are still sleeping but in sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out in the next hours . first get the coins out then get the popcorn out the silence from the market admin is hilarious lmao . saw that no explanation as yet but agora had closed lips in downtime and it never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation think the yanks are still sleeping but in sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out in the next hours . first get the coins out then get the popcorn out the silence from the market admin is hilarious lmao . not sure if to avoid or not this is like an employee dropping into work after months of uninformed absence . if its around for good now i have the unpleasant duty of eating my fedora . not sure if to avoid or not this is like an employee dropping into work after months of uninformed absence . saw that no explanation as yet but agora had closed lips in downtime and it never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation think the yanks are still sleeping but i m sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out in the next hours . saw that no explanation as yet but agora had closed lips in downtime and it never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation think the yanks are still sleeping but in sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out in the next hours . not sure if to avoid or not this is like an employee dropping into work after months of uninformed absence . first get the coins out then get the popcorn out the silence from the market admin is hilarious lmao . not sure if to avoid or not this is like an employee dropping into work after months of uninformed absence . if its around for good now i have the unpleasant duty of eating my fedora . saw that no explanation as yet but agora had closed lips in downtime and it never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation think the yanks are still sleeping but i m sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out in the next hours . if it s around for good now i have the unpleasant duty of eating my fedora . not sure if to avoid or not this is like an employee dropping into work after months of uninformed absence . first get the coins out then get the popcorn out the silence from the market admin is hilarious lmao . first get the coins out then get the popcorn out the silence from the market admin is hilarious lmao . stay away i wouldn t even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk . stay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk . stay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk . stay away i wouldn t even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk . stay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk . if you still manage to get coins out it goes without saying tumble . if you still manage to get coins out it goes without saying tumble . quote from gleeful on january pmstay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk agreed looks sketch as luck avoid . if you still manage to get coins out it goes without saying tumble . quote from gleeful on january pmstay away i wouldn t even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk agreed looks sketch as luck avoid . quote from gleeful on january pmstay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk agreed looks sketch as luck avoid . quote from gleeful on january pmstay away i wouldnt even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk agreed looks sketch as luck avoid . if you still manage to get coins out it goes without saying tumble . quote from gleeful on january pmstay away i wouldn t even log onto the site it was left with nobody at the helm for several days before it went down then it pops back up with no explanation there is a strong possibility that it has been taken over by le with vendors and buyers of bulk being at the greatest risk agreed looks sketch as luck avoid . if you still manage to get coins out it goes without saying tumble . i have to assume they have been compromise in some way the lack of communication is baffling . i dont think give ever seen a market act like eic they seemed so let to me site was clean functions and responsive then all of a sudden the admins went dark i cant for the life of me figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working its a very puzzling situation indeed definitely do not put any btc into the site until everything is functions even if does become functions again i would proceed very cautiously . i don t think i ve ever seen a market act like eic they seemed so let to me site was clean functions and responsive then all of a sudden the admins went dark i can t for the life of me figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working it s a very puzzling situation indeed definitely do not put any btc into the site until everything is functions even if does become functions again i would proceed very cautiously . i don t think i ve ever seen a market act like eic they seemed so let to me site was clean functions and responsive then all of a sudden the admins went dark i can t for the life of me figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working it s a very puzzling situation indeed definitely do not put any btc into the site until everything is functions even if does become functions again i would proceed very cautiously . i dont think give ever seen a market act like eic they seemed so let to me site was clean functions and responsive then all of a sudden the admins went dark i cant for the life of me figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working its a very puzzling situation indeed definitely do not put any btc into the site until everything is functions even if does become functions again i would proceed very cautiously . i have to assume they have been compromise in some way the lack of communication is baffling . i dont think give ever seen a market act like eic they seemed so let to me site was clean functions and responsive then all of a sudden the admins went dark i cant for the life of me figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working its a very puzzling situation indeed definitely do not put any btc into the site until everything is functions even if does become functions again i would proceed very cautiously . i have to assume they have been compromise in some way the lack of communication is baffling . i have to assume they have been compromise in some way the lack of communication is baffling . i have to assume they have been compromise in some way the lack of communication is baffling . i see one vendor managed to get etc free of eic so there are signs of life but admins have left it too long to make an announcement rip me thinks . i see one vendor managed to get etc free of eic so there are signs of life but admins have left it too long to make an announcement rip me thinks . i see one vendor managed to get etc free of eic so there are signs of life but admins have left it too long to make an announcement rip me thinks . i see one vendor managed to get etc free of eic so there are signs of life but admins have left it too long to make an announcement rip me thinks . i see one vendor managed to get etc free of eic so there are signs of life but admins have left it too long to make an announcement rip me thinks . are the withdrawals working for everyone now i had a small change back on the site but give nicely forgotten about it since it went down would be nice if they returned it back with an interest . are the withdrawals working for everyone now i had a small change back on the site but give nicely forgotten about it since it went down would be nice if they returned it back with an interest . are the withdrawals working for everyone now i had a small change back on the site but give nicely forgotten about it since it went down would be nice if they returned it back with an interest . 