no . i been away and when i updated my tor i noticed my bookmark for bluest trader isnt working they fold up shop lbc com still good looks like these markets are gone to shit anyway i have no idea whats going on but sr a scam duh blackmarket reload forums got seized by the ayatollah and i dont know about the other markets . its working just fine for me . also wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gone . also wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gone . its working just fine for me . i been away and when i updated my tor i noticed my bookmark for bluest trader isnt working they fold up shop lbc com still good looks like these markets are gone to shit anyway i have no idea whats going on but sr a scam duh blackmarket reload forums got seized by the ayatollah and i dont know about the other markets . hello if you want then you can try out our market link in my signature cheers . also wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gone . its working just fine for me . i been away and when i updated my tor i noticed my bookmark for bluest trader isnt working they fold up shop lbc com still good looks like these markets are gone to shit anyway i have no idea whats going on but sr a scam duh blackmarket reload forums got seized by the ayatollah and i dont know about the other markets . no . hello if you want then you can try out our market link in my signature cheers . hello if you want then you can try out our market link in my signature cheers . no . its working just fine for me . also wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gone . hello if you want then you can try out our market link in my signature cheers . no . i been away and when i updated my tor i noticed my bookmark for bluest trader isnt working they fold up shop lbc com still good looks like these markets are gone to shit anyway i have no idea whats going on but sr a scam duh blackmarket reload forums got seized by the ayatollah and i dont know about the other markets . quote from bitbybit on february pmhi goblin lol aint that the truth . quote from bitbybit on february pmhi goblin lol aint that the truth . hi goblin . hi goblin . quote from bitbybit on february pmhi goblin lol aint that the truth . hi goblin . quote from bitbybit on february pmhi goblin lol aint that the truth . hi goblin . bluesky was a swam no . bluesky was a swam no . bluesky was a swam no . bluesky was a swam no . blue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here . blue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here . quote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here what the fuck are you talking about i dont know who you are but now you are stepping on my business by telling people bluesky is a swam fuck wayyyyy off i have been vending at bsm for months now and they run the best market on the dn at the moment the fastest we deposit times most up to date security features auto withdrawal partial fe quick resolution blue sky market is far and away the best functioning market i have ever used in my year darknet career and just becasue this fucktard took a stab at the market and all of the vendors there im posting a link so anybody curious can check it out seriously if you wnat to get on and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear this is your place . blue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here . quote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here what the fuck are you talking about i dont know who you are but now you are stepping on my business by telling people bluesky is a swam fuck wayyyyy off i have been vending at bsm for months now and they run the best market on the dn at the moment the fastest we deposit times most up to date security features auto withdrawal partial fe quick resolution blue sky market is far and away the best functioning market i have ever used in my year darknet career and just becasue this fucktard took a stab at the market and all of the vendors there im posting a link so anybody curious can check it out seriously if you wnat to get on and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear this is your place . quote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here what the fuck are you talking about i dont know who you are but now you are stepping on my business by telling people bluesky is a swam fuck wayyyyy off i have been vending at bsm for months now and they run the best market on the dn at the moment the fastest we deposit times most up to date security features auto withdrawal partial fe quick resolution blue sky market is far and away the best functioning market i have ever used in my year darknet career and just becasue this fucktard took a stab at the market and all of the vendors there im posting a link so anybody curious can check it out seriously if you wnat to get on and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear this is your place . blue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here . quote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here what the fuck are you talking about i dont know who you are but now you are stepping on my business by telling people bluesky is a swam fuck wayyyyy off i have been vending at bsm for months now and they run the best market on the dn at the moment the fastest we deposit times most up to date security features auto withdrawal partial fe quick resolution blue sky market is far and away the best functioning market i have ever used in my year darknet career and just becasue this fucktard took a stab at the market and all of the vendors there im posting a link so anybody curious can check it out seriously if you wnat to get on and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear this is your place . i took a look at blue sky not very busy yet and they want btc to open a vendor account good looking site though . i took a look at blue sky not very busy yet and they want btc to open a vendor account good looking site though . i took a look at blue sky not very busy yet and they want btc to open a vendor account good looking site though . i took a look at blue sky not very busy yet and they want btc to open a vendor account good looking site though . this whole thread is about blueskies traders not blu sky market the market bsm is not a scam in any way shape or form i cant speak for bluskiestraders but seriously fuck all you guys who say bsm is a scam i vend their everyday and i havnt even had them be down for an hour or two ever you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get a kickback we all see how shifty those markets are turning out to be and with s anything but functions i would say bsm is aat the moment the premier market for buyers no question fastest and safest partial escrow and auto withdrawal with a functioning dispute center . quote from kenkaniff on february pmalso wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gonethanks wondering myself . quote from kenkaniff on february pmalso wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gonethanks wondering myself . wait is bluesky a new market e g sr agora or is it like a vendor e g angeleyes ava . this whole thread is about blueskies traders not blu sky market the market bsm is not a scam in any way shape or form i cant speak for bluskiestraders but seriously fuck all you guys who say bsm is a scam i vend their everyday and i havnt even had them be down for an hour or two ever you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get a kickback we all see how shifty those markets are turning out to be and with s anything but functions i would say bsm is aat the moment the premier market for buyers no question fastest and safest partial escrow and auto withdrawal with a functioning dispute center . this whole thread is about blueskies traders not blu sky market the market bsm is not a scam in any way shape or form i cant speak for bluskiestraders but seriously fuck all you guys who say bsm is a scam i vend their everyday and i havnt even had them be down for an hour or two ever you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get a kickback we all see how shifty those markets are turning out to be and with s anything but functions i would say bsm is aat the moment the premier market for buyers no question fastest and safest partial escrow and auto withdrawal with a functioning dispute center . quote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr . wait is bluesky a new market e g sr agora or is it like a vendor e g angeleyes ava . quote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr . this whole thread is about blueskies traders not blu sky market the market bsm is not a scam in any way shape or form i cant speak for bluskiestraders but seriously fuck all you guys who say bsm is a scam i vend their everyday and i havnt even had them be down for an hour or two ever you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get a kickback we all see how shifty those markets are turning out to be and with s anything but functions i would say bsm is aat the moment the premier market for buyers no question fastest and safest partial escrow and auto withdrawal with a functioning dispute center . quote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr . wait is bluesky a new market e g sr agora or is it like a vendor e g angeleyes ava . quote from kenkaniff on february pmalso wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gonethanks wondering myself . wait is bluesky a new market e g sr agora or is it like a vendor e g angeleyes ava . quote from kenkaniff on february pmalso wondereing the blueskytraders not blue skymarket is not operation at this link any longer citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time of the florida incident with btking then they reopened for days saying they are going to change coins only tues thurs now gonethanks wondering myself . quote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr . quote from goblin on february pmno yeah i thought i saw them the other time . quote from goblin on february pmno yeah i thought i saw them the other time . quote from goblin on february pmno yeah i thought i saw them the other time . quote from goblin on february pmno yeah i thought i saw them the other time . year amon guys done start spreading fud about bluest market now it works never seen it down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock in and the admins are fair and responsive that said give never heard of bluesky traders . year amon guys done start spreading fud about bluest market now it works never seen it down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock in and the admins are fair and responsive that said give never heard of bluesky traders . year amon guys done start spreading fud about bluest market now it works never seen it down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock in and the admins are fair and responsive that said give never heard of bluesky traders . year amon guys done start spreading fud about bluest market now it works never seen it down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock in and the admins are fair and responsive that said give never heard of bluesky traders . quote from blackstar on march amquote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr why agora shifty most ppl say blue sky is shifty . quote from blackstar on march amquote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr why agora shifty most ppl say blue sky is shifty . quote from blackstar on march amquote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr why agora shifty most ppl say blue sky is shifty . quote from blackstar on march amquote from trolltergeist on march pmquote from potmenot on march amblue sky was butted as a scam long time ago but alfred likes to keep scam sites listed here year sr is still listed too yet another scam market you obviously have not used blue sky market it is much better than shifty agra scamdora sr why agora shifty most ppl say blue sky is shifty . sorry i thought this was about the blue sky market i dont know a thing about the bitcoin trading exchange . sorry i thought this was about the blue sky market i dont know a thing about the bitcoin trading exchange . blue sky traders i believe is now defunct . sorry i thought this was about the blue sky market i dont know a thing about the bitcoin trading exchange . blue sky traders i believe is now defunct . blue sky traders i believe is now defunct . sorry i thought this was about the blue sky market i dont know a thing about the bitcoin trading exchange . blue sky traders i believe is now defunct . 