thankyou boogie . . welcome aboard to the evo embassy here at the hub my friend i wanted to tell you that before you can post an add the mods here want you to first get verified by them its really easy to do so just make a pgp signed post in the link below telling them hello and with a link to your store just as you did for your ad hehe let me know if you ever need anything or have any questions bud i am at your humble service boogie . quote from jack harkness on june pmthankyou boogie no worries jack ill be sure to contact him on the market and inform him there too . quote from jack harkness on june pmthankyou boogie no worries jack ill be sure to contact him on the market and inform him there too . welcome aboard to the evo embassy here at the hub my friend i wanted to tell you that before you can post an add the mods here want you to first get verified by them its really easy to do so just make a pgp signed post in the link below telling them hello and with a link to your store just as you did for your ad hehe let me know if you ever need anything or have any questions bud i am at your humble service boogie . . thankyou boogie . thankyou boogie . . welcome aboard to the evo embassy here at the hub my friend i wanted to tell you that before you can post an add the mods here want you to first get verified by them its really easy to do so just make a pgp signed post in the link below telling them hello and with a link to your store just as you did for your ad hehe let me know if you ever need anything or have any questions bud i am at your humble service boogie . . thankyou boogie . welcome aboard to the evo embassy here at the hub my friend i wanted to tell you that before you can post an add the mods here want you to first get verified by them its really easy to do so just make a pgp signed post in the link below telling them hello and with a link to your store just as you did for your ad hehe let me know if you ever need anything or have any questions bud i am at your humble service boogie . quote from jack harkness on june pmthankyou boogie no worries jack ill be sure to contact him on the market and inform him there too . quote from jack harkness on june pmthankyou boogie no worries jack ill be sure to contact him on the market and inform him there too . 