the hub your capta is rubbish it tkaes me about four attempts to get it right ok its up to five attempts this ais an armature effort ant besy . the hub your capta is rubbish it tkaes me about four attempts to get it right ok its up to five attempts this ais an armature effort ant besy . the hub your capta is rubbish it tkaes me about four attempts to get it right ok its up to five attempts this ais an armature effort ant besy . the hub your capta is rubbish it tkaes me about four attempts to get it right ok its up to five attempts this ais an armature effort ant besy . fr the third week in a row agora is down each time it happens just after i place an order the last two orders have not arrived no doubt because the vendors cant get onto the market to see what orders they have agra get your shit together or shut up shop as it stands you are costing my hundreds of euros and i have no drugs left what use is a drug market that you cant buy drugs from . fr the third week in a row agora is down each time it happens just after i place an order the last two orders have not arrived no doubt because the vendors cant get onto the market to see what orders they have agra get your shit together or shut up shop as it stands you are costing my hundreds of euros and i have no drugs left what use is a drug market that you cant buy drugs from . fr the third week in a row agora is down each time it happens just after i place an order the last two orders have not arrived no doubt because the vendors cant get onto the market to see what orders they have agra get your shit together or shut up shop as it stands you are costing my hundreds of euros and i have no drugs left what use is a drug market that you cant buy drugs from . fr the third week in a row agora is down each time it happens just after i place an order the last two orders have not arrived no doubt because the vendors cant get onto the market to see what orders they have agra get your shit together or shut up shop as it stands you are costing my hundreds of euros and i have no drugs left what use is a drug market that you cant buy drugs from . this is a war on drugs and i want to fight that war i have never wanted to kill a cop as much as i want to right now fight the fuckers at their own game . there is much more beneath the surface going on here possibly attack on whole tor network although you probably wouldnt care much we think strongest priorities should be keeping everyone asses out of iron cages for time being patience is integral to security . there is much more beneath the surface going on here possibly attack on whole tor network although you probably wouldnt care much we think strongest priorities should be keeping everyone asses out of iron cages for time being patience is integral to security . this is a war on drugs and i want to fight that war i have never wanted to kill a cop as much as i want to right now fight the fuckers at their own game . there is much more beneath the surface going on here possibly attack on whole tor network although you probably wouldnt care much we think strongest priorities should be keeping everyone asses out of iron cages for time being patience is integral to security . this is a war on drugs and i want to fight that war i have never wanted to kill a cop as much as i want to right now fight the fuckers at their own game . there is much more beneath the surface going on here possibly attack on whole tor network although you probably wouldnt care much we think strongest priorities should be keeping everyone asses out of iron cages for time being patience is integral to security . this is a war on drugs and i want to fight that war i have never wanted to kill a cop as much as i want to right now fight the fuckers at their own game . there is some speculation on nucleus as to whether toyotateam is tooth on agora tooth claims its not him but nucleus claims they have verified toyotateam can anyone shed some light on this . there is some speculation on nucleus as to whether toyotateam is tooth on agora tooth claims its not him but nucleus claims they have verified toyotateam can anyone shed some light on this . there is some speculation on nucleus as to whether toyotateam is tooth on agora tooth claims its not him but nucleus claims they have verified toyotateam can anyone shed some light on this . there is some speculation on nucleus as to whether toyotateam is tooth on agora tooth claims its not him but nucleus claims they have verified toyotateam can anyone shed some light on this . 