made an order last week it came fine made another this week and was expecting it today but it never showed obviosuly it could have been delayed but a bill came in but it was torn and half opened as if somebody was peeking inside anyway do you think i should be worried or on alert or anything has anything like this happened anybody . give no experience of this happening dont know where you are and theres no way to be sure either way but personally i would stop using that address for anything illegal immediately without hesitation probably would never get drugs sent there ever again even if missing package turned up or you continue ordering and things continue arriving i would assume they are building a case to stay on the safe side done keep any drugs in the house for a while sucks that this shit happens remember do not say anything to the police without talking to a lawyer first things you say can be used as evidence against you in court and not in your defence if this is anything other than a small personal amount everything ive said goes double good luck and stay safe . made an order last week it came fine made another this week and was expecting it today but it never showed obviosuly it could have been delayed but a bill came in but it was torn and half opened as if somebody was peeking inside anyway do you think i should be worried or on alert or anything has anything like this happened anybody . give no experience of this happening dont know where you are and theres no way to be sure either way but personally i would stop using that address for anything illegal immediately without hesitation probably would never get drugs sent there ever again even if missing package turned up or you continue ordering and things continue arriving i would assume they are building a case to stay on the safe side done keep any drugs in the house for a while sucks that this shit happens remember do not say anything to the police without talking to a lawyer first things you say can be used as evidence against you in court and not in your defence if this is anything other than a small personal amount everything ive said goes double good luck and stay safe . letters arriving half opened isnt a good sign i would take precautions . letters arriving half opened isnt a good sign i would take precautions . actually had a ltter arrive opened all the way with the gram of weed still in the letter serious what the luck moment i still smoked it but refrained from ordering anything for about a month lol . actually had a ltter arrive opened all the way with the gram of weed still in the letter serious what the luck moment i still smoked it but refrained from ordering anything for about a month lol . i had this happen to me many many times before i had even heard of the darknet if thats any consolation . i had this happen to me many many times before i had even heard of the darknet if thats any consolation . 