new here . new here . . . . . new here . new here . i love you thank you . i love you thank you . i love you thank you . i love you thank you . reasons for not using abraxas in that scenario when using albions shop you only need to trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds in escrow or even if you finalize early they could run away with the funds in albions wallet before he has time to withdraw them and imo albion is trustworthy plus i think you dont need to create an account to use his shop a working pgp gpg identity is all you need if it works like gammagoblins shop finally there are no fees if a trade is made directly with albion on his shop i think abraxas takes a commission on every transaction . why not try abraxas . reasons for not using abraxas in that scenario when using albions shop you only need to trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds in escrow or even if you finalize early they could run away with the funds in albions wallet before he has time to withdraw them and imo albion is trustworthy plus i think you dont need to create an account to use his shop a working pgp gpg identity is all you need if it works like gammagoblins shop finally there are no fees if a trade is made directly with albion on his shop i think abraxas takes a commission on every transaction . why not try abraxas . reasons for not using abraxas in that scenario when using albions shop you only need to trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds in escrow or even if you finalize early they could run away with the funds in albions wallet before he has time to withdraw them and imo albion is trustworthy plus i think you dont need to create an account to use his shop a working pgp gpg identity is all you need if it works like gammagoblins shop finally there are no fees if a trade is made directly with albion on his shop i think abraxas takes a commission on every transaction . why not try abraxas . why not try abraxas . reasons for not using abraxas in that scenario when using albion s shop you only need to trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds in escrow or even if you finalize early they could run away with the funds in albion s wallet before he has time to withdraw them and imo albion is trustworthy plus i think you don t need to create an account to use his shop a working pgp gpg identity is all you need if it works like gammagoblin s shop finally there are no fees if a trade is made directly with albion on his shop i think abraxas takes a commission on every transaction . hello fellow gardeners can you please provide me with the best vendors of mdma and led please provide the store links i would greatly appreciate you thank you so much btw does anyone know what happened to albions store . hello fellow gardeners can you please provide me with the best vendors of mdma and led please provide the store links i would greatly appreciate you thank you so much btw does anyone know what happened to albions store . i for sure dont know who the best vendors are what you should do is reading through the active vendors board to find what suits you for albions shop it is still up and reachable here . i for sure dont know who the best vendors are what you should do is reading through the active vendors board to find what suits you for albions shop it is still up and reachable here . hello fellow gardeners can you please provide me with the best vendors of mdma and led please provide the store links i would greatly appreciate you thank you so much btw does anyone know what happened to albions store . i for sure don t know who the best vendors are what you should do is reading through the active vendors board to find what suits you for albion s shop it is still up and reachable here . when i click on shop it tells me there are no products matching what i am looking for . oh yes it seems the shop doesnt accept orders at the moment that should change in a few days as you can read in albions topic . when i click on shop it tells me there are no products matching what i am looking for . oh yes it seems the shop doesnt accept orders at the moment that should change in a few days as you can read in albions topic . oh yes it seems the shop doesn t accept orders at the moment that should change in a few days as you can read in albion s topic . when i click on shop it tells me there are no products matching what i am looking for . here is mine . here is mine . here is mine . quote from albion on november the site is taking a little longer than expected to get up and running again you can pm me here as per recent comments in albions vendor thread hes having trouble updating his website and accepting orders via pm for now i would pm him and see where hes at . whats going on with albions online store . whats going on with albions online store . quote from albion on november the site is taking a little longer than expected to get up and running again you can pm me here as per recent comments in albions vendor thread hes having trouble updating his website and accepting orders via pm for now i would pm him and see where hes at . quote from albion on november the site is taking a little longer than expected to get up and running again you can pm me here as per recent comments in albion s vendor thread he s having trouble updating his website and accepting orders via pm for now i would pm him and see where he s at . whats going on with albions online store . 