cant seem to load the forums anyone else having this problem cheers st . cant seem to load the forums anyone else having this problem cheers st . cant seem to load the forums anyone else having this problem cheers st . it is definitely a problem this time hc . it is definitely a problem this time hc . it is definitely a problem this time hc . were having the same problem a little concerning also hearing of some problems with withdrawlscheers st . we re having the same problem a little concerning also hearing of some problems with withdrawlscheers st . were having the same problem a little concerning also hearing of some problems with withdrawlscheers st . can anyone help me configure my dymo labelwriter with tailscheers st . search for it in google i bet you ll find something that s how i learned how to do a lot in tails i would have never got the wifi working on my laptop if it wasn t for google . beware of printer steganography as well do your due diligance when buying . beware of printer steganography as well do your due diligance when buying . can anyone just give me a step by step on setting up my labelwriter in tailsubuntu seems easy enough windows is really simple but in having trouble with tailscheers st . can anyone help me configure my dymo labelwriter with tailscheers st . couldnt find anything reguarding tails ill dig a little deeper tonightcheers st . can anyone just give me a step by step on setting up my labelwriter in tailsubuntu seems easy enough windows is really simple but in having trouble with tailscheers st . couldnt find anything reguarding tails ill dig a little deeper tonightcheers st . beware of printer steganography as well do your due diligance when buying . search for it in google i bet youl find something thats how i learned how to do a lot in tails i would have never got the wifi working on my laptop if it wasnt for google . couldnt find anything reguarding tails ill dig a little deeper tonightcheers st . can anyone just give me a step by step on setting up my labelwriter in tailsubuntu seems easy enough windows is really simple but in having trouble with tailscheers st . can anyone help me configure my dymo labelwriter with tailscheers st . search for it in google i bet youl find something thats how i learned how to do a lot in tails i would have never got the wifi working on my laptop if it wasnt for google . so i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers st . so i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers st . so i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers st . quote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try . quote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try . quote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try . quote from nuances on december pmquote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try it gives me the option to extract just not to persistant i can extract to desktopsystem filescheers st . quote from nuances on december pmquote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try it gives me the option to extract just not to persistant i can extract to desktopsystem filescheers st . quote from nuances on december pmquote from snacktime on december pmso i downloaded dymo cups driver tar gz but im unable to extract to persistant cheers stare you logged in as admin you can try extracting it to somewhere else like a us drive as well that might be a better option anyway does it give you the option to extract when you right click the tar gz file icon if so what happens when you try it gives me the option to extract just not to persistant i can extract to desktopsystem filescheers st . so in having some trouble in re establishing my buisness both on agora and tmg after i hit a rough patch i do not wish to discuss you may read about it in my other thread if you wish im starting out with a new email lelantos ive decided that slacking on email security is not going to cut it anymore i also was having trouble getting my dymo labelwriter to print through tails if someone can walk me through this that would be fantasticcheers st . quote from snacktime on july amso im having some trouble in re establishing my buisness both on agora and tmg after i hit a rough patch i do not wish to discuss you may read about it in my other thread if you wish im starting out with a new email lelantos ive decided that slacking on email security is not going to cut it anymore i also was having trouble getting my dymo labelwriter to print through tails if someone can walk me through this that would be fantasticcheers stmore than likely it is a driver issue try reading the following page s to see if your printer model is mentioned try this page . looks like its back up nao . looks like its back up nao . anyone else not able to get on agora today was having troubles with the captcha earlier today but now the site wont load at all hope im not alone cheers st . anyone else not able to get on agora today was having troubles with the captcha earlier today but now the site wont load at all hope im not alone cheers st . anyone else not able to get on agora today was having troubles with the captcha earlier today but now the site wont load at all hope im not alone cheers st . looks like its back up nao . anyone want to help me with a how to anonymous postage printing trying to get our business as professional and efficient as possiblecheers st . anyone want to help me with a how to anonymous postage printing trying to get our business as professional and efficient as possiblecheers st . quote from galindoi on august pmin my opinion its not worth the hassle stamps are the way to go otherwise you are buying prepaid cards setting up accounts over and over and also leaving buyer data on other peoples databases stamps can be bought with cash spread out over multiply post offices and generally leave no trace on other peoples databases i want a printer that can print fake stamps that be gamesome i wonder why no one is making counterfeit stamps and marketing that seems like a good market ive had the same initials thought about printing postage anonymously but if there is a way to do it sufficiently id love to know how until then ill continue hitting post offices and gas stations like theres no tomorrowcheers st . still looking for a solution if anyone can help cheers st . still looking for a solution if anyone can help cheers st . in my opinion its not worth the hassle stamps are the way to go otherwise you are buying prepaid cards setting up accounts over and over and also leaving buyer data on other peoples databases stamps can be bought with cash spread out over multiply post offices and generally leave no trace on other peoples databases i want a printer that can print fake stamps that be gamesome i wonder why no one is making counterfeit stamps and marketing that seems like a good market . in my opinion its not worth the hassle stamps are the way to go otherwise you are buying prepaid cards setting up accounts over and over and also leaving buyer data on other peoples databases stamps can be bought with cash spread out over multiply post offices and generally leave no trace on other peoples databases i want a printer that can print fake stamps that be gamesome i wonder why no one is making counterfeit stamps and marketing that seems like a good market . quote from galindoi on august pmin my opinion its not worth the hassle stamps are the way to go otherwise you are buying prepaid cards setting up accounts over and over and also leaving buyer data on other peoples databases stamps can be bought with cash spread out over multiply post offices and generally leave no trace on other peoples databases i want a printer that can print fake stamps that be gamesome i wonder why no one is making counterfeit stamps and marketing that seems like a good market ive had the same initials thought about printing postage anonymously but if there is a way to do it sufficiently id love to know how until then ill continue hitting post offices and gas stations like theres no tomorrowcheers st . pay with etc print out label on your inkjet printer tape to box drop in mail thats one way to do it ive never used that but give heard it works the site does require javascript from shiphi com and also from stripe com to pay even via btc but any postage printing solution will likely require javascript . pay with etc print out label on your inkjet printer tape to box drop in mail thats one way to do it ive never used that but give heard it works the site does require javascript from shiphi com and also from stripe com to pay even via btc but any postage printing solution will likely require javascript . quote from p nd s on september amhow about counterfeiting the stamps they look easy enough to counterfeit nobody has thought about that one yet penny black was the worlds first adhesive postage stamp used in a public postal system the earliest forgeries are all portal and the penny black was the first stamp to be copied in its first year . how about counterfeiting the stamps they look easy enough to counterfeit nobody has thought about that one yet . how about counterfeiting the stamps they look easy enough to counterfeit nobody has thought about that one yet . quote from p nd s on september amhow about counterfeiting the stamps they look easy enough to counterfeit nobody has thought about that one yet penny black was the worlds first adhesive postage stamp used in a public postal system the earliest forgeries are all portal and the penny black was the first stamp to be copied in its first year . quote from psychedelicacy on september am pay with etc print out label on your inkjet printer tape to box drop in mail thats one way to do it ive never used that but give heard it works the site does require javascript from shiphi com and also from stripe com to pay even via btc but any postage printing solution will likely require javascript this is something new like others have said i would stick with stamps label just to be on the safe side you dont want either end to be looked at . quote from psychedelicacy on september am pay with etc print out label on your inkjet printer tape to box drop in mail thats one way to do it ive never used that but give heard it works the site does require javascript from shiphi com and also from stripe com to pay even via btc but any postage printing solution will likely require javascript this is something new like others have said i would stick with stamps label just to be on the safe side you dont want either end to be looked at . stamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea . stamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea . we are looking to move our enterprise to we love avengers can not believe another marketplace exit scam getting really tired of this we will be dealing with fe only from now on available for direct dealing through tmgalso available on we love avengersplace and we love avengers coming soon cheers st . alpha bay has been having some issues too they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you go to their site the anti ddos filter comes up also the forums on ab have been down for a week or more i use ab but recently have been a little sceptical starting to see signs of another downfall hopefully not though just be weary . alpha bay has been having some issues too they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you go to their site the anti ddos filter comes up also the forums on ab have been down for a week or more i use ab but recently have been a little sceptical starting to see signs of another downfall hopefully not though just be weary . what makes you certain it s an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as i m sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain it s officially an exit scam . we are looking to move our enterprise to alphabay can not believe another marketplace exit scam getting really tired of this we will be dealing with fe only from now on available for direct dealing through tmgalso available on dream marketplace and alphabay coming soon cheers st . alpha bay has been having some issues too they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you go to their site the anti ddos filter comes up also the forums on ab have been down for a week or more i use ab but recently have been a little sceptical starting to see signs of another downfall hopefully not though just be weary . we are looking to move our enterprise to alphabay can not believe another marketplace exit scam getting really tired of this we will be dealing with fe only from now on available for direct dealing through tmgalso available on dream marketplace and alphabay coming soon cheers st . what makes you certain its an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as in sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain its officially an exit scam . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers . what makes you certain its an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as in sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain its officially an exit scam . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers . alpha bay has been having some issues too they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you go to their site the anti ddos filter comes up also the forums on ab have been down for a week or more i use ab but recently have been a little sceptical starting to see signs of another downfall hopefully not though just be weary . alpha bay has been having some issues too they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you go to their site the anti ddos filter comes up also the forums on ab have been down for a week or more i use ab but recently have been a little sceptical starting to see signs of another downfall hopefully not though just be weary . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers . we are looking to move our enterprise to we love avengers can not believe another marketplace exit scam getting really tired of this we will be dealing with fe only from now on available for direct dealing through tmgalso available on we love avengersplace and we love avengers coming soon cheers st . what makes you certain its an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as in sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain its officially an exit scam . we are looking to move our enterprise to alphabay can not believe another marketplace exit scam getting really tired of this we will be dealing with fe only from now on available for direct dealing through tmgalso available on dream marketplace and alphabay coming soon cheers st . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers . what makes you certain it s an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as i m sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain it s officially an exit scam . quote from we love avengersmarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers we have message the we love avengers team about waiving vendor registration a few times to no avail we get no response from the we love avengers team until then we re available on dream and here for direct dealing cheers st . quote from we love avengersmarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers we have message the we love avengers team about waiving vendor registration a few times to no avail we get no response from the we love avengers team until then we re available on dream and here for direct dealing cheers st . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay we have message the alphabay team about waiving vendor registration a few times to no avail we get no response from the alphabay team until then were available on dream and here for direct dealing cheers st . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay we have message the alphabay team about waiving vendor registration a few times to no avail we get no response from the alphabay team until then were available on dream and here for direct dealing cheers st . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay we have message the alphabay team about waiving vendor registration a few times to no avail we get no response from the alphabay team until then were available on dream and here for direct dealing cheers st . quote from we love avengersmarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers quoted would rather use nucleus or any site besides we love avengers besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week i have tried we love avengers once in the past the site was beyond basin horrible interface layout not a site i would trust or ever enjoy using just being honest . quote from skallywaggins on november pmwhat makes you certain its an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as in sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain its officially an exit scam if it looks like a duck and waddles like a duck and quacks like a duck then it is probably a duck i feel your pain to the tune of around but the joke is on me i should never have left that in the wallet lesson learned . quote from skallywaggins on november pmwhat makes you certain it s an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as i m sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain it s officially an exit scam if it looks like a duck and waddles like a duck and quacks like a duck then it is probably a duck i feel your pain to the tune of around but the joke is on me i should never have left that in the wallet lesson learned . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay quotei would rather use nucleus or any site besides alphabet besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week i have tried alphabet once in the past the site was beyond basin horrible interface layout not a site i would trust or ever enjoy using just being honest . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay quotei would rather use nucleus or any site besides alphabet besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week i have tried alphabet once in the past the site was beyond basin horrible interface layout not a site i would trust or ever enjoy using just being honest . quote from skallywaggins on november pmwhat makes you certain it s an exit scam i serioulsy hope not our i just lost a huge amount of money as i m sure did everyone else including yourself but you seem certain it s officially an exit scam if it looks like a duck and waddles like a duck and quacks like a duck then it is probably a duck i feel your pain to the tune of around but the joke is on me i should never have left that in the wallet lesson learned . quote from alphabaymarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find alphabet to fit your needs try it out here registration to alphabay quotei would rather use nucleus or any site besides alphabet besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week i have tried alphabet once in the past the site was beyond basin horrible interface layout not a site i would trust or ever enjoy using just being honest . quote from we love avengersmarket on november pmnot saying abraxas is over but we are confident you will find we love avengers to fit your needs try it out here registration love avengers affiliate pip aff market love avengersforum love avengerswelcome to we love avengers quoted would rather use nucleus or any site besides we love avengers besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week i have tried we love avengers once in the past the site was beyond basin horrible interface layout not a site i would trust or ever enjoy using just being honest . not down no just kinda slow at points . not down no just kinda slow at points . is we love avengers down or is it just me i keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic on the server we are aware that you probably aren t behind this but we need to present you this challenge to get an authorization cookie to view the marketplace this page will not be displayed on every visit but only during possible ddos periods please complete the challenge below to get a browsing authorization message . not down no just kinda slow at points . not down no just kinda slow at points . not down no just kinda slow at points . is we love avengers down or is it just me i keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic on the server we are aware that you probably aren t behind this but we need to present you this challenge to get an authorization cookie to view the marketplace this page will not be displayed on every visit but only during possible ddos periods please complete the challenge below to get a browsing authorization message . is alphabet down or is it just me i keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic on the server we are aware that you probably arent behind this but we need to present you this challenge to get an authorization cookie to view the marketplace this page will not be displayed on every visit but only during possible ddos periods please complete the challenge below to get a browsing authorization message . is alphabet down or is it just me i keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic on the server we are aware that you probably arent behind this but we need to present you this challenge to get an authorization cookie to view the marketplace this page will not be displayed on every visit but only during possible ddos periods please complete the challenge below to get a browsing authorization message . is alphabet down or is it just me i keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic on the server we are aware that you probably arent behind this but we need to present you this challenge to get an authorization cookie to view the marketplace this page will not be displayed on every visit but only during possible ddos periods please complete the challenge below to get a browsing authorization message . alphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved sl . i really done know why more vendors arent coming around to tmg and promoting that instead sure i can see the downside of it taking longer to build clientel but fuck after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam im sure it has to build up to a ship ton of money lost more trusted vendors need to make their way here give tried on my end at least i got galindoi to make his way here lets add to that list . alphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved sl . quote from supernovaletdown on november pmalphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved eli realized i got wished when it told me to verify pin i typed it in correctly and it said invalid there was no getting out of that page withdrew my btc as fast as i could laying low from ab for the moment . quote from supernovaletdown on november pmalphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved eli realized i got wished when it told me to verify pin i typed it in correctly and it said invalid there was no getting out of that page withdrew my btc as fast as i could laying low from ab for the moment . i really done know why more vendors arent coming around to tmg and promoting that instead sure i can see the downside of it taking longer to build clientel but fuck after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam im sure it has to build up to a ship ton of money lost more trusted vendors need to make their way here give tried on my end at least i got galindoi to make his way here lets add to that list . we love avengers s going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved sl . i really don t know why more vendors arent coming around to tmg and promoting that instead sure i can see the downside of it taking longer to build clientel but fuck after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam i m sure it has to build up to a ship ton of money lost more trusted vendors need to make their way here i ve tried on my end at least i got galindoi to make his way here let s add to that list . quote from supernovaletdown on november pmwe love avengers s going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved eli realized i got wished when it told me to verify pin i typed it in correctly and it said invalid there was no getting out of that page withdrew my btc as fast as i could laying low from ab for the moment . i really don t know why more vendors arent coming around to tmg and promoting that instead sure i can see the downside of it taking longer to build clientel but fuck after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam i m sure it has to build up to a ship ton of money lost more trusted vendors need to make their way here i ve tried on my end at least i got galindoi to make his way here let s add to that list . quote from supernovaletdown on november pmwe love avengers s going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved eli realized i got wished when it told me to verify pin i typed it in correctly and it said invalid there was no getting out of that page withdrew my btc as fast as i could laying low from ab for the moment . we love avengers s going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved sl . quote from supernovaletdown on november pmalphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved eli realized i got wished when it told me to verify pin i typed it in correctly and it said invalid there was no getting out of that page withdrew my btc as fast as i could laying low from ab for the moment . alphabays going through a major phishing outbreak lots of folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware or avoid till the security issues are resolved sl . i really done know why more vendors arent coming around to tmg and promoting that instead sure i can see the downside of it taking longer to build clientel but fuck after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam im sure it has to build up to a ship ton of money lost more trusted vendors need to make their way here give tried on my end at least i got galindoi to make his way here lets add to that list . we have not started our shop on alphabay quiet yet current listings are available on dream market which seems very stable but not a whole lot of traffic cheers st . just withdrew no problems here . we have not started our shop on alphabay quiet yet current listings are available on dream market which seems very stable but not a whole lot of traffic cheers st . just withdrew no problems here . we have not started our shop on we love avengers quiet yet current listings are available on we love avengers which seems very stable but not a whole lot of traffic cheers st . we have not started our shop on we love avengers quiet yet current listings are available on we love avengers which seems very stable but not a whole lot of traffic cheers st . just withdrew no problems here . just withdrew no problems here . we have not started our shop on alphabay quiet yet current listings are available on dream market which seems very stable but not a whole lot of traffic cheers st . just withdrew no problems here . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk . update you are no longer aloud to post market links on this forum or the text will be replaced with we love anvegers if you need to find markets invite please refer to the list on cryptocointalk . quote from nemesis on january amquote from florence on november pmstamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea id feel like the package would be profile and you put your customers at risk just my opinion though give done it with success but im not sending out s of packs like a big vendor . quote from florence on november pmstamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea id feel like the package would be profile and you put your customers at risk just my opinion though . quote from florence on november pmstamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea id feel like the package would be profile and you put your customers at risk just my opinion though . quote from nemesis on january amquote from florence on november pmstamps and labels are safe but in my area they dont give out labels anymore and when you drop the package you cant get the tracking unless you drop it at the counter which kind of defeats the purpose you can get giftcards that have to be associated with a name simon giftcards for example and you can use them like a cc on stamps uses after you register them just put like on one until you burn it up psychedelicacywhat about that shipnik site i know it requires javascript but thats not a big deal does it save the info you send or do you have any idea id feel like the package would be profile and you put your customers at risk just my opinion though give done it with success but im not sending out s of packs like a big vendor . if you are buying stamps in person you could leave fingerprint traces is that not correct . if you are buying stamps in person you could leave fingerprint traces is that not correct . 