i add lemon juice or concentrate and it just tastes the right way yes simmering and filtering it works great . so i definitely prefer simmering for minutes then straining and then making a tea less cause much much stringer effect quicker acting so my question i know a bunch of people that dont like tea so i got to wondering could you do the minute simmer then strain it then add some frozen orange juice concentrate or lemon juice concentrate to it i know some people add the powder to orange juice but that still has all the side effects of just taking it in pill form . i add lemon juice or concentrate and it just tastes the right way yes simmering and filtering it works great . so i definitely prefer simmering for minutes then straining and then making a tea less cause much much stringer effect quicker acting so my question i know a bunch of people that dont like tea so i got to wondering could you do the minute simmer then strain it then add some frozen orange juice concentrate or lemon juice concentrate to it i know some people add the powder to orange juice but that still has all the side effects of just taking it in pill form . so i definitely prefer simmering for minutes then straining and then making a tea less cause much much stringer effect quicker acting so my question i know a bunch of people that dont like tea so i got to wondering could you do the minute simmer then strain it then add some frozen orange juice concentrate or lemon juice concentrate to it i know some people add the powder to orange juice but that still has all the side effects of just taking it in pill form . i add lemon juice or concentrate and it just tastes the right way yes simmering and filtering it works great . lookup the lemontek . lookup the lemontek . lookup the lemontek . lemontek is great . lemontek is great . lemontek is great . you could soak in ethel alcohol overnight strain the simmer to desired volume . next time i do any i will simmer for minutes like im making tea and i will then use orange juice concentrate instead of tea bags to try it out . next time i do any i will simmer for minutes like im making tea and i will then use orange juice concentrate instead of tea bags to try it out . you could soak in ethel alcohol overnight strain the simmer to desired volume . next time i do any i will simmer for minutes like im making tea and i will then use orange juice concentrate instead of tea bags to try it out . you could soak in ethel alcohol overnight strain the simmer to desired volume . looking for something to use in my new kbox w vaporizor threads . just using a wax atomizer is a much better experience im partial to the source orb with the ceramic cup atties threaded i run it on a dna . if you can get some good shatter or other good concentrates i can help you make your own vape juice easily it can be used with just about any type rda or cartomizer check out a product called vapour extract its a peg mix that when mixed with concentrates makes a great capable juice they even have flavors if thats your thing you can experiment with the ratio in which you mix the most common being a or ratio depending on how strong and or thick you want your juice by i mean my vapeur extract to gram thc concentrates start with a ratio and add more extract as needed to dilute down if needed or wanted depending on the thickness and potency of the juice take into consideration the type atomoizer you plan on using as the thickness of the juice may or may not cause issues you could just use a glass globe or other straight concentrate atomizer and not have to mix anything if you prefer that that is the most dab like route however if you are wanting an ejuice type mix make sure that you arent adding too thick a mix into a cartomizer or other syllable tank as you might gunk up your wicks or coils and then burn one out and have to worry about getting your thick juice back out of it there are more details on the vapeur extract website if needed i have found that buying concentrates and making my own oil cartidges is way more efficient and cheaper i can make a whole lot more catridges or just fill up one of my my tanks with my own concentrates ejuice and for about the same price as a ml prefilled catridge hopefully this bit of information helps you out and if so show me some love by clicking love to the left thanks light love respect and namaste . mrgoodcat on dream has the best deals right now fast shipping good product . 