oh good lord here let me edit that for you quote from dej kovo on march pmstole the money not a programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovothere thats more like it . oh good lord here let me edit that for you quote from dej kovo on march pmstole the money not a programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovothere thats more like it . oh good lord here let me edit that for you quote from dej kovo on march pmstole the money not a programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovothere thats more like it . oh good lord here let me edit that for you quote from dej kovo on march pmstole the money not a programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovothere thats more like it . defcon stole the money and sold sr to defcon defcon is a woman she is not a programmer programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks defcon fired programmer locked him out of sight when she discovered the thefts defcon was passed his programmer was fired so he hasnt given defcon the keys a f as promised defcon created a new key dd a but hasnt used it in public defcon is trying to find programmers she can trust to close the backdoors programmer put on the sight programmer is trying to get retired under new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovo . defcon stole the money and sold sr to defcon defcon is a woman she is not a programmer programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks defcon fired programmer locked him out of sight when she discovered the thefts defcon was passed his programmer was fired so he hasnt given defcon the keys a f as promised defcon created a new key dd a but hasnt used it in public defcon is trying to find programmers she can trust to close the backdoors programmer put on the sight programmer is trying to get retired under new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovo . defcon stole the money and sold sr to defcon defcon is a woman she is not a programmer programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks defcon fired programmer locked him out of sight when she discovered the thefts defcon was passed his programmer was fired so he hasnt given defcon the keys a f as promised defcon created a new key dd a but hasnt used it in public defcon is trying to find programmers she can trust to close the backdoors programmer put on the sight programmer is trying to get retired under new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovo . defcon stole the money and sold sr to defcon defcon is a woman she is not a programmer programmer has been stealing from sr since it opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks defcon fired programmer locked him out of sight when she discovered the thefts defcon was passed his programmer was fired so he hasnt given defcon the keys a f as promised defcon created a new key dd a but hasnt used it in public defcon is trying to find programmers she can trust to close the backdoors programmer put on the sight programmer is trying to get retired under new id so he can steal morethere are no programmers working on the sight now dej kovo . either way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return . either way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return . either way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return . either way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return . agreed in fact youre an idiot for using it to begin with . agreed in fact youre an idiot for using it to begin with . quote from mycarneedstint on march pmeither way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return indeed . agreed in fact youre an idiot for using it to begin with . quote from mycarneedstint on march pmeither way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return indeed . quote from mycarneedstint on march pmeither way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return indeed . agreed in fact youre an idiot for using it to begin with . quote from mycarneedstint on march pmeither way sr is a swam new owners or not why bother anymore cut your losses learn a hard lesson and move on do not return indeed . 