been looking to come back for a while now guys is this market cool been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going on between these other markets im not buying that hacked shit . been looking to come back for a while now guys is this market cool been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going on between these other markets im not buying that hacked shit . been looking to come back for a while now guys is this market cool been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going on between these other markets im not buying that hacked shit . been looking to come back for a while now guys is this market cool been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going on between these other markets im not buying that hacked shit . so is this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed me coming back to serve you . so is this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed me coming back to serve you . so is this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed me coming back to serve you . thanks for the reply . so is this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed me coming back to serve you . thanks for the reply . thanks for the reply . thanks for the reply . listings up for h . listings up for h . listings up for h . listings up for h . hey i think i recognize your name from sr did you close off your listings to trusted customers only shortly before s went down or was that someone else . hey i think i recognize your name from sr did you close off your listings to trusted customers only shortly before s went down or was that someone else . hey i think i recognize your name from sr did you close off your listings to trusted customers only shortly before s went down or was that someone else . hey i think i recognize your name from sr did you close off your listings to trusted customers only shortly before s went down or was that someone else . yes maybe that was me . yes maybe that was me . yes maybe that was me . yes maybe that was me . if anyone was questioning it myself and some others have verified this is indeed the original supremesmoke welcome back from the dead my friend . if anyone was questioning it myself and some others have verified this is indeed the original supremesmoke welcome back from the dead my friend . if anyone was questioning it myself and some others have verified this is indeed the original supremesmoke welcome back from the dead my friend . if anyone was questioning it myself and some others have verified this is indeed the original supremesmoke welcome back from the dead my friend . thank you tnb . thank you tnb . thank you tnb . thank you tnb . 