hey my friend i shot you a pm as for everyone reading this we dont have referrals invites to evolution our registration is open for everyone here are the links market questions never hesitate to ask . pm boogie he can help you . is this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see . quote from evilgrin on august amis this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see no my friedn i am elmaco . i lose my evolution account i dont know why but it doesnt let me can anybody give me a referred lnik to create a new one thanks . hey my friend i shot you a pm as for everyone reading this we dont have referrals invites to evolution our registration is open for everyone here are the links market questions never hesitate to ask . pm boogie he can help you . pm boogie he can help you . is this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see . i lose my evolution account i dont know why but it doesnt let me can anybody give me a referred lnik to create a new one thanks . pm boogie he can help you . i lose my evolution account i dont know why but it doesnt let me can anybody give me a referred lnik to create a new one thanks . hey my friend i shot you a pm as for everyone reading this we dont have referrals invites to evolution our registration is open for everyone here are the links market questions never hesitate to ask . quote from evilgrin on august amis this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see no my friedn i am elmaco . quote from evilgrin on august amis this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see no my friedn i am elmaco . quote from evilgrin on august amis this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see no my friedn i am elmaco . is this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see . i lose my evolution account i dont know why but it doesnt let me can anybody give me a referred lnik to create a new one thanks . is this the elmacho that used to pm me long time no see . hey my friend i shot you a pm as for everyone reading this we dont have referrals invites to evolution our registration is open for everyone here are the links market questions never hesitate to ask . hey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s . hey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s . hey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s . hey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s . quote from sakdonhey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s hey sakdon unfortunately the reason why you can not view the register button in the top right corner does have to do with viewing the site on your smart phone evolution is not formatted to be viewed on your mobile devices i am sorry for the inconveiance my friend by any chance would you be able to access the site on either a laptop or computer i would like to meantion browsing through tor especially dnms on your mobile device is a major security concern i hope this helps answer your question bud please let me know if you need anything else take care . quote from sakdonhey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s hey sakdon unfortunately the reason why you can not view the register button in the top right corner does have to do with viewing the site on your smart phone evolution is not formatted to be viewed on your mobile devices i am sorry for the inconveiance my friend by any chance would you be able to access the site on either a laptop or computer i would like to meantion browsing through tor especially dnms on your mobile device is a major security concern i hope this helps answer your question bud please let me know if you need anything else take care . quote from sakdonhey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s hey sakdon unfortunately the reason why you can not view the register button in the top right corner does have to do with viewing the site on your smart phone evolution is not formatted to be viewed on your mobile devices i am sorry for the inconveiance my friend by any chance would you be able to access the site on either a laptop or computer i would like to meantion browsing through tor especially dnms on your mobile device is a major security concern i hope this helps answer your question bud please let me know if you need anything else take care . quote from sakdonhey boogie i cant see any option to register on the link you have posted above give tried a few other links as well but all give managed to see is the login window with no option to register please guide me outa this trouble thanksp s could it be due to me accessing it on my galaxy s hey sakdon unfortunately the reason why you can not view the register button in the top right corner does have to do with viewing the site on your smart phone evolution is not formatted to be viewed on your mobile devices i am sorry for the inconveiance my friend by any chance would you be able to access the site on either a laptop or computer i would like to meantion browsing through tor especially dnms on your mobile device is a major security concern i hope this helps answer your question bud please let me know if you need anything else take care . quote from sakdon on august amthanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing thank for the kind words my friend its always a pleasure to help let me know if you ever need anything else glad you make it into the community and welcome aboard all the best . quote from sakdon on august amthanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing thank for the kind words my friend its always a pleasure to help let me know if you ever need anything else glad you make it into the community and welcome aboard all the best . thanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing . thanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing . thanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing . quote from sakdon on august amthanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing thank for the kind words my friend its always a pleasure to help let me know if you ever need anything else glad you make it into the community and welcome aboard all the best . thanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing . quote from sakdon on august amthanks a bunch for your time and concern ruddy yes i can access it from my laptop but would like to email you my concerns before i do that you are a star and please keep up the gamesome work that you are doing thank for the kind words my friend its always a pleasure to help let me know if you ever need anything else glad you make it into the community and welcome aboard all the best . 