i feel i should add my intentions are not to spread fed couldnt be further from it i just want to know wtf is going on and why the hell my btc and my account disappeared into the ether i will delete or update this post as soon as this issue is resolved . bsm seems to be run by one or two people total so its understandable that something could be overlooked they have seemed to be pretty practice about fixing their mistakes . could be that the support were disorganised and made a mistake i have heard only good things about bsm hope you get refused . thanks admins . i feel i should add my intentions are not to spread fed couldnt be further from it i just want to know wtf is going on and why the hell my btc and my account disappeared into the ether i will delete or update this post as soon as this issue is resolved . bsm seems to be run by one or two people total so its understandable that something could be overlooked they have seemed to be pretty practice about fixing their mistakes . could be that the support were disorganised and made a mistake i have heard only good things about bsm hope you get refused . problem has been party resolved and seems like it will be solved shortly be good people . recanting my previous statement for those who saw it . problem has been party resolved and seems like it will be solved shortly be good people . i feel i should add my intentions are not to spread fed couldnt be further from it i just want to know wtf is going on and why the hell my btc and my account disappeared into the ether i will delete or update this post as soon as this issue is resolved . thanks admins . thanks admins . recanting my previous statement for those who saw it . thanks admins . problem has been party resolved and seems like it will be solved shortly be good people . recanting my previous statement for those who saw it . bsm seems to be run by one or two people total so its understandable that something could be overlooked they have seemed to be pretty practice about fixing their mistakes . could be that the support were disorganised and made a mistake i have heard only good things about bsm hope you get refused . problem has been party resolved and seems like it will be solved shortly be good people . could be that the support were disorganised and made a mistake i have heard only good things about bsm hope you get refused . recanting my previous statement for those who saw it . i feel i should add my intentions are not to spread fed couldnt be further from it i just want to know wtf is going on and why the hell my btc and my account disappeared into the ether i will delete or update this post as soon as this issue is resolved . bsm seems to be run by one or two people total so its understandable that something could be overlooked they have seemed to be pretty practice about fixing their mistakes . you contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers . you contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers . you contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers . you contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers . quote from weed on march pmyou contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers i done understand your question . quote from weed on march pmyou contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers i done understand your question . that type of transaction if from the wallet to the market has to refresh bluest page deposit click the button cheers . quote from weed on march pmyou contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers i done understand your question . that type of transaction if from the wallet to the market has to refresh bluest page deposit click the button cheers . that type of transaction if from the wallet to the market has to refresh bluest page deposit click the button cheers . that type of transaction if from the wallet to the market has to refresh bluest page deposit click the button cheers . quote from weed on march pmyou contact with admins explains something more wallet btc market or market wallet btc or transaction cheers i done understand your question . 