very interesting marketplace looking forward to see it grow more . well not many people know this market even exists but after having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them are for sure an interesting market that we will be following . very interesting marketplace looking forward to see it grow more . well not many people know this market even exists but after having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them are for sure an interesting market that we will be following . very interesting marketplace looking forward to see it grow more . very interesting marketplace looking forward to see it grow more . well not many people know this market even exists but after having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them are for sure an interesting market that we will be following . well not many people know this market even exists but after having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them are for sure an interesting market that we will be following . outlaw is a great market bit complicated but when you use it some time you learn it it is great that if have what no other market have a pgp log in also in there new forum thats great and the admins help you fast and with nice tips at beginning on outlaw they reply fast of your mails and there are trusted guys on work i think in the future it will grow up and for german market be great and there are a good vendor scam protect because customer must confirm the arival and quality before funds release i sell there to with other name and can only tell vendors to use it as there second or third way because you can do there good business with honest guys i called there germanysupport . outlaw is a great market bit complicated but when you use it some time you learn it it is great that if have what no other market have a pgp log in also in there new forum thats great and the admins help you fast and with nice tips at beginning on outlaw they reply fast of your mails and there are trusted guys on work i think in the future it will grow up and for german market be great and there are a good vendor scam protect because customer must confirm the arival and quality before funds release i sell there to with other name and can only tell vendors to use it as there second or third way because you can do there good business with honest guys i called there germanysupport . outlaw is a great market bit complicated but when you use it some time you learn it it is great that if have what no other market have a pgp log in also in there new forum thats great and the admins help you fast and with nice tips at beginning on outlaw they reply fast of your mails and there are trusted guys on work i think in the future it will grow up and for german market be great and there are a good vendor scam protect because customer must confirm the arival and quality before funds release i sell there to with other name and can only tell vendors to use it as there second or third way because you can do there good business with honest guys i called there germanysupport . outlaw is a great market bit complicated but when you use it some time you learn it it is great that if have what no other market have a pgp log in also in there new forum thats great and the admins help you fast and with nice tips at beginning on outlaw they reply fast of your mails and there are trusted guys on work i think in the future it will grow up and for german market be great and there are a good vendor scam protect because customer must confirm the arival and quality before funds release i sell there to with other name and can only tell vendors to use it as there second or third way because you can do there good business with honest guys i called there germanysupport . for those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously . for those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously . quote from el presidente on january pmwe were under the impression that supporteu was a support account alongside supported supportfr and supportus the most likely scenario is that a vendor account was used to exploit an access control problem which permits modification of other vendors listings rather than just the vendors own listings e g edit listing may be your listing edit listing may be some other vendors listing the second request should be blocked by the web site if you are not logged in as corresponding vendor inadequate access control authorization in any case there is now etc in that wallet as a result we assume of this scam i cant believe people fell for this well at least its not the worse thing we have seen today in terms of security issues sadly i might add . for those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously . for those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously . does anyone have some more into about this issue of listing hacked in vendor accounts no btc stolen no comment from the admins yet some say it was confirmed that the btc address in the listing is linked to supporteu who got canned there not long ago is there a source for this confirmation . we were under the impression that supporteu was a support account alongside supported supportfr and supportus the most likely scenario is that a vendor account was used to exploit an access control problem which permits modification of other vendors listings rather than just the vendors own listings e g edit listing may be your listing edit listing may be some other vendors listing the second request should be blocked by the web site if you are not logged in as corresponding vendor inadequate access control authorization in any case there is now etc in that wallet as a result we assume of this scam . it may have been a small loss but in be a little weary of the market if it was possible for them to get any coin its possible there are other bugs which would allow hackers to get more . quote from el presidente on january amthanks for posting that so inadequate authorization checks it is hopefully they audit all functions for auth checks as a priority the site is still a little primitive yeah but the admin seems competent so in sure the auth checks will be improved on a short term . hi there im a vendor on pandora market and everything seems to have been resolved a couple of hourse ago the admin alice reacted rather quickly and fixed a bug than posted the following quote from alice on january pmmy official comment on that serious issue issue report reached me at amussue fixed technical explanation my most probable theory most probably attacker were able to compose post request for changing item info there was bug in pandora code that don t confirm item ownership so attacked were able to change any item this require higher technical experienced attacker that was very rare coding mistake pandora is very secure but i forget implement ownership check only on that edit item issue will go thou code if every single action have enough security check sorry for that just human every code have burs attacker profile mid higher experienced attackerwhat should have been affected any item listed on pandora should have been affected by that that include limited to listed item option item description most cases item price item quantity shipping info on item maybe more within item detailswhat were not affected by this issue problem with item edit only vendor password vendor orders vendor crow account balance withdrawals pandora databasepossible losses only possible losses are from customer who were donned by attacker to actually send amount to advertised address due to blockchain fortunately only btc at time of this post was donned from customers needed all vendors must check item description prices on all items if they are correct i will update description to blank page on all items where description contain attacker address list of affected vendors and items vendor name item hath bodyinaction aa efc a cd e c bodyinaction b fdaf b d d cd e bodyinaction ae ee b b e d dad bodyinaction b ce d b bc b c b budcentral fc f eebdbb b e de c budcentral fb eb f d d d d fc a budcentral ec f ef a e bebd c e budcentral fce bf e c e dbeda d dab budcentral ee c a d c a budcentral e be c of fa f a f budcentral f d efda b d f f a cocaparis c b a b ee a cf ec d e cocaparis f c f e f a d b ae ff a cocaparis ac e c b d d b bff cocaparis b fe ce a er d edb cocaparis fbbaf f cb c c aa d fe a cocaparis ec a ec d bc drshrooms a e f a b a f d c dutchdeal adf e b a b c cbea eggyfriedreece ac a b e fb ffaa a be frankmatthews f cafb b b a afcdd a e c frankmatthews fa ca c a dab c frankmatthews d d f e e e ff b a frankmatthews b aa ae c edfd f b frankmatthews e c b b d a frankmatthews a c e b e c fa eb b frankmatthews b ae d cdc bc ce f a frankmatthews b dfd ffcf f b b eb a frankmatthews d a c e bdd frankmatthews d e ebc cefb eb cb frankmatthews e cc a c c ab f a frankmatthews d b eb a cc c a a frankmatthews d de f de a a d a c c of frankmatthews e d b df ab b ef d frankmatthews ab d eb edf frankmatthews fe c e c d d b frankmatthews bfa c fcc e d e e ee b frankmatthews f c a f ac frankmatthews ba a f ecc a b d listonishere do fcb e f b e listonishere c a e cb ca d d f listonishere aff ffebf d c a a cdb f bc madeingermany c c a ccd b dbe dc d cc c madeingermany aa fd f c e d c madeingermany c afd a d d f f a madeingermany cff f d efb b d f eb morespace b e bbfd ad e eb a e nightmare b bfb ba ab d ac nightmare be e beac f fb a nightmare eb d a f cdf e a f c nightmare e d b c e a da a d a a nightmare b d a f f e nightmare f f de ed ff nightmare f a ab af d fc nightmare ed c a aa b c nightmare ef a off bc nightmare a of e e f a fad ceb nightmare f b ce e b c c nightmare f f ccee ba fcd bd nightmare fa a a c ad dfe nightmare a a a b eb b ece a a nightmare ee e c dd c cedf ba d bc nightmare b c f e ea f c f a a nightmare b cf b c a fdcc nightmare ec f a a f f nightmare cd e ce ef f ba da d nightmare ccc b be cd ac f dcfd c fdd nightmare b f b f c cf nightmare bc f c d d d ebe nightmare c c b cadc ecd ba fd dc nightmare db afca b d fc d e nightmare e be dfeb f b a c da e a realexpresshaze dd cc e c b c a cefa a realexpresshaze ac e bd b b bb ca e realexpresshaze b e d bf a c ee de realexpresshaze a cc ec f d c realexpresshaze c c f b e fb f realnevita bdd db fa f ab cc cc righteous a er e f e bb righteous afda ab d e fd d b righteous cfee dd aa d cfca f c b righteous c f cf fafc c f a off e righteous c f b be f did efdf deb righteous fcb b d beb bbfeed ab be righteous a b e c d d af f cec righteous b c ea e f bccd d b c c righteous ec f c b c ab righteous eb bdd b ff cfd righteous e e c ab b fbc a a slkhkk e b c b cff slkhkk cc b a odd c bcfbeb b slkhkk e d b ecb dacd slkhkk dbaab eff c slkhkk ac b e e ef f ace c slkhkk f b a b c a b aba a sugarwand c f f e d d f a ee tomorrowman c e d c d eceeddc c f aee tomorrowman e body fd f c e a b a b tr derjo b c e a a cdd accfc tr derjo f a f a eef f d cf c tr hero d de e c b a ad b c ab c tr derjo c d a a e af d cab cd tr derjo dc f b b c db c a e tr derjo e ddb e c c ae bc ab ed tr derjo afaf dd b ff f abeb d b b a tr derjo edd f dfe a b c a tr derjo cf af e c a d fcfae tr derjo bf fdb c b ea db ac c c tr derjo d bd be cd ef ab fe tr derjo d f a f fe ce e tr derjo b ce cc d e f da b dd tr derjo fb ca de e e d b f eb tr derjo fa f bb d cbabd tr derjo ed a of fda c e f c tr derjo f e a d bec a d tr derjo a a d f cc bc tr derjo a eabd b a b b d dc tr derjo dc a f be f e da db eb dd tr derjo a dab fd d bd fbecbbdf f tr derjo fc ab acbd ed c tr derjo e e d e c c d cc tr derjo bc a cf e bc d e e d tr derjo d d f aa e f a c tr derjo a eda b db ad e tr derjo a c c b c b ea c d ad e tr derjo c ed de d a e tr derjo a cd f a c be to hero c b fac c cd b a cce tr derjo df a d cdc f fa pandora market code is now dated and issue is fixed . thanks for the update will add this to our post . thanks for posting that so inadequate authorization checks it is hopefully they audit all functions for auth checks as a priority . the storys not quite over apparently the avid is now working for dugslist this was posted on their forums a few hours ago hi drugslist users and vendors i am david and i am the user who found and reported the druggist security issues last week recently i also hacked the cantina marketplace as part of their security challenge where the admin offered btc to anybody who could find an sal injection on their site i found in about minutes and when the admin denied the bugs existed i dumped their entire database i have also reported security issues to other marketplaces and a very large number of website this alias that i am using now is relatively new so you might not know me but give been in the security industry for a very long time and do this type of work with learned clients regularly the people i work for are companies whose services you likely use or who you purchase from or software vendors whose products you have likely used online e commerce shops web content systems etc after the bugs were reported to drugslist admin got in touch with me and asked me to help them secure the site my main interest is in securing underground drug markets so that vendors and users can conduct their activity without becoming victims of hackers or anybody else the problem with the drug markets is that it is very easy to say that you are secure and describe your security practice very broadly but it is a lot harder to actually get and remain secure my personal opinion is that very few drug markets are what could be considered secure sites the history of drug markets is that as soon as they become large enough to be a worthy target of hackers in of cases so far they have ended up hacked scammed or taken down this is all due to a lack of security there are now dozens of drug markets that have sprung up as part of filling the void of both silk road and black market reloaded shutting down every one of these sites makes bold claims of security but we know that a lot of these sites are only secure simply because they arent big enough to be a worthy target to hack it would be a lot better for everybody if we introduced some natural selection to drug markets where they are either shut down or secured properly when they are still young rather than waiting for the sites to become big enough and then get hacked with that in mind i will be conducting a thorough audit of the drugslist marketplace over the course of the next week the audit has already started and the recommendations will begin to be implements in the next day this audit will be extremely thorough and exhaustive and will involve both patching parts of the website and introducing entire new features to keep the marketplace safe from hackers this will involve using some of the latest and best defensive techniques and training the developers so that when they implement new features in the future they can be done securely with the audit complete and features implemented which should take about a week to days drugslist will then be certified as being secure and i will be posting details of what that actually means rather than just claiming security as part of this i will be checking the site ongoing and in the long term both through mock penetration tests and by auditing new code the goal is to create the safest possible marketplace for users and vendors to carry out their business without fear of hackers or coins being stolen there will be a lot more detail on what this involved in the near future for now if you have any questions or queries or comments please feel free to message me or email me on theavid at safe mail my pgp key is here look forward to helping out drugslist and updating you all again very soon on changes and dated thanks avid . yes this was his original plan that didnt work due to drugslist denial but now they are working together to sort these issues which is great the complete opposite of the cantina story . yes this was his original plan that didnt work due to drugslist denial but now they are working together to sort these issues which is great the complete opposite of the cantina story . yes this was his original plan that didnt work due to drugslist denial but now they are working together to sort these issues which is great the complete opposite of the cantina story . the storys not quite over apparently the avid is now working for dugslist this was posted on their forums a few hours ago hi drugslist users and vendors i am david and i am the user who found and reported the druggist security issues last week recently i also hacked the cantina marketplace as part of their security challenge where the admin offered btc to anybody who could find an sal injection on their site i found in about minutes and when the admin denied the bugs existed i dumped their entire database i have also reported security issues to other marketplaces and a very large number of website this alias that i am using now is relatively new so you might not know me but give been in the security industry for a very long time and do this type of work with learned clients regularly the people i work for are companies whose services you likely use or who you purchase from or software vendors whose products you have likely used online e commerce shops web content systems etc after the bugs were reported to drugslist admin got in touch with me and asked me to help them secure the site my main interest is in securing underground drug markets so that vendors and users can conduct their activity without becoming victims of hackers or anybody else the problem with the drug markets is that it is very easy to say that you are secure and describe your security practice very broadly but it is a lot harder to actually get and remain secure my personal opinion is that very few drug markets are what could be considered secure sites the history of drug markets is that as soon as they become large enough to be a worthy target of hackers in of cases so far they have ended up hacked scammed or taken down this is all due to a lack of security there are now dozens of drug markets that have sprung up as part of filling the void of both silk road and black market reloaded shutting down every one of these sites makes bold claims of security but we know that a lot of these sites are only secure simply because they arent big enough to be a worthy target to hack it would be a lot better for everybody if we introduced some natural selection to drug markets where they are either shut down or secured properly when they are still young rather than waiting for the sites to become big enough and then get hacked with that in mind i will be conducting a thorough audit of the drugslist marketplace over the course of the next week the audit has already started and the recommendations will begin to be implements in the next day this audit will be extremely thorough and exhaustive and will involve both patching parts of the website and introducing entire new features to keep the marketplace safe from hackers this will involve using some of the latest and best defensive techniques and training the developers so that when they implement new features in the future they can be done securely with the audit complete and features implemented which should take about a week to days drugslist will then be certified as being secure and i will be posting details of what that actually means rather than just claiming security as part of this i will be checking the site ongoing and in the long term both through mock penetration tests and by auditing new code the goal is to create the safest possible marketplace for users and vendors to carry out their business without fear of hackers or coins being stolen there will be a lot more detail on what this involved in the near future for now if you have any questions or queries or comments please feel free to message me or email me on theavid at safe mail my pgp key is here look forward to helping out drugslist and updating you all again very soon on changes and dated thanks avid . yes this was his original plan that didnt work due to drugslist denial but now they are working together to sort these issues which is great the complete opposite of the cantina story . the storys not quite over apparently the avid is now working for dugslist this was posted on their forums a few hours ago hi drugslist users and vendors i am david and i am the user who found and reported the druggist security issues last week recently i also hacked the cantina marketplace as part of their security challenge where the admin offered btc to anybody who could find an sal injection on their site i found in about minutes and when the admin denied the bugs existed i dumped their entire database i have also reported security issues to other marketplaces and a very large number of website this alias that i am using now is relatively new so you might not know me but give been in the security industry for a very long time and do this type of work with learned clients regularly the people i work for are companies whose services you likely use or who you purchase from or software vendors whose products you have likely used online e commerce shops web content systems etc after the bugs were reported to drugslist admin got in touch with me and asked me to help them secure the site my main interest is in securing underground drug markets so that vendors and users can conduct their activity without becoming victims of hackers or anybody else the problem with the drug markets is that it is very easy to say that you are secure and describe your security practice very broadly but it is a lot harder to actually get and remain secure my personal opinion is that very few drug markets are what could be considered secure sites the history of drug markets is that as soon as they become large enough to be a worthy target of hackers in of cases so far they have ended up hacked scammed or taken down this is all due to a lack of security there are now dozens of drug markets that have sprung up as part of filling the void of both silk road and black market reloaded shutting down every one of these sites makes bold claims of security but we know that a lot of these sites are only secure simply because they arent big enough to be a worthy target to hack it would be a lot better for everybody if we introduced some natural selection to drug markets where they are either shut down or secured properly when they are still young rather than waiting for the sites to become big enough and then get hacked with that in mind i will be conducting a thorough audit of the drugslist marketplace over the course of the next week the audit has already started and the recommendations will begin to be implements in the next day this audit will be extremely thorough and exhaustive and will involve both patching parts of the website and introducing entire new features to keep the marketplace safe from hackers this will involve using some of the latest and best defensive techniques and training the developers so that when they implement new features in the future they can be done securely with the audit complete and features implemented which should take about a week to days drugslist will then be certified as being secure and i will be posting details of what that actually means rather than just claiming security as part of this i will be checking the site ongoing and in the long term both through mock penetration tests and by auditing new code the goal is to create the safest possible marketplace for users and vendors to carry out their business without fear of hackers or coins being stolen there will be a lot more detail on what this involved in the near future for now if you have any questions or queries or comments please feel free to message me or email me on theavid at safe mail my pgp key is here look forward to helping out drugslist and updating you all again very soon on changes and dated thanks avid . the storys not quite over apparently the avid is now working for dugslist this was posted on their forums a few hours ago hi drugslist users and vendors i am david and i am the user who found and reported the druggist security issues last week recently i also hacked the cantina marketplace as part of their security challenge where the admin offered btc to anybody who could find an sal injection on their site i found in about minutes and when the admin denied the bugs existed i dumped their entire database i have also reported security issues to other marketplaces and a very large number of website this alias that i am using now is relatively new so you might not know me but give been in the security industry for a very long time and do this type of work with learned clients regularly the people i work for are companies whose services you likely use or who you purchase from or software vendors whose products you have likely used online e commerce shops web content systems etc after the bugs were reported to drugslist admin got in touch with me and asked me to help them secure the site my main interest is in securing underground drug markets so that vendors and users can conduct their activity without becoming victims of hackers or anybody else the problem with the drug markets is that it is very easy to say that you are secure and describe your security practice very broadly but it is a lot harder to actually get and remain secure my personal opinion is that very few drug markets are what could be considered secure sites the history of drug markets is that as soon as they become large enough to be a worthy target of hackers in of cases so far they have ended up hacked scammed or taken down this is all due to a lack of security there are now dozens of drug markets that have sprung up as part of filling the void of both silk road and black market reloaded shutting down every one of these sites makes bold claims of security but we know that a lot of these sites are only secure simply because they arent big enough to be a worthy target to hack it would be a lot better for everybody if we introduced some natural selection to drug markets where they are either shut down or secured properly when they are still young rather than waiting for the sites to become big enough and then get hacked with that in mind i will be conducting a thorough audit of the drugslist marketplace over the course of the next week the audit has already started and the recommendations will begin to be implements in the next day this audit will be extremely thorough and exhaustive and will involve both patching parts of the website and introducing entire new features to keep the marketplace safe from hackers this will involve using some of the latest and best defensive techniques and training the developers so that when they implement new features in the future they can be done securely with the audit complete and features implemented which should take about a week to days drugslist will then be certified as being secure and i will be posting details of what that actually means rather than just claiming security as part of this i will be checking the site ongoing and in the long term both through mock penetration tests and by auditing new code the goal is to create the safest possible marketplace for users and vendors to carry out their business without fear of hackers or coins being stolen there will be a lot more detail on what this involved in the near future for now if you have any questions or queries or comments please feel free to message me or email me on theavid at safe mail my pgp key is here look forward to helping out drugslist and updating you all again very soon on changes and dated thanks avid . should keep the fbi busy for a while . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . should keep the fbi busy for a while . should keep the fbi busy for a while . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . should keep the fbi busy for a while . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . lol . lol . i loath to click that link sorry could you please outlay the guts of the article thanks in advance trc . i loath to click that link sorry could you please outlay the guts of the article thanks in advance trc . i loath to click that link sorry could you please outlay the guts of the article thanks in advance trc . lol . make sure you check the forums and know its fixed before sending any money into this site edit i seems that the issue was resolved . so i thought about it and took a leap of faith thtas pathetically funny . make sure you check the forums and know its fixed before sending any money into this site edit i seems that the issue was resolved . so i thought about it and took a leap of faith thtas pathetically funny . make sure you check the forums and know its fixed before sending any money into this site edit i seems that the issue was resolved . so i thought about it and took a leap of faith thtas pathetically funny . deposits and withdraws fixed . pandora seems to be the only market that works consistently . pandora seems to be the only market that works consistently . deposits and withdraws fixed . everything seems to be working now . pandora seems to be the only market that works consistently . everything seems to be working now . everything seems to be working now . deposits and withdraws fixed . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . holly ship thats got ta be a record . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . holly ship thats got ta be a record . holly ship thats got ta be a record . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . and the ywant for a vendor fee lol tired of this bs these new markets really have to prove themselves before good honest vendors go there i just wish sr will sort their shit so i can buy safely securely . and the ywant for a vendor fee lol tired of this bs these new markets really have to prove themselves before good honest vendors go there i just wish sr will sort their shit so i can buy safely securely . and the ywant for a vendor fee lol tired of this bs these new markets really have to prove themselves before good honest vendors go there i just wish sr will sort their shit so i can buy safely securely . and the ywant for a vendor fee lol tired of this bs these new markets really have to prove themselves before good honest vendors go there i just wish sr will sort their shit so i can buy safely securely . any one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site . quote from deepdotweb on february pmany one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site good idea mate hopefully someone will shortly . wow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately . im feeling so useless . wow this was fast lucky im sticked with pirate market . im feeling so useless . edit nevermind . ok we have some news to someone on reddit quoteit says that the dutch police has confirmed that theyve seized the marketsite details on how they did it will be available later this week . quote from deepdotweb on february pmnot much info at this point but not looking good for them and stickied . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmim feeling so useless you are doing all that you can ils no one could ask for more . well that escalated quickly . edit nevermind . quote from dandantheicecreamman on february pmquote from unknownand the website was today for a few hours offline maybe they changed the host to a dutch police server lol . ok we have some news to someone on reddit quoteit says that the dutch police has confirmed that theyve seized the marketsite details on how they did it will be available later this week . well that escalated quickly . quote from dandantheicecreamman on february pmquote from unknownand the website was today for a few hours offline maybe they changed the host to a dutch police server lol . not much info at this point but not looking good for them . quote from deepdotweb on february pmany one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site good idea mate hopefully someone will shortly . well that escalated quickly . quote from dandantheicecreamman on february pmquote from unknownand the website was today for a few hours offline maybe they changed the host to a dutch police server lol . quote from deepdotweb on february pmnot much info at this point but not looking good for them and stickied . ok we have some news to someone on reddit quoteit says that the dutch police has confirmed that theyve seized the marketsite details on how they did it will be available later this week . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmim feeling so useless you are doing all that you can ils no one could ask for more . wow this was fast lucky im sticked with pirate market . more btc for le . wow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately . im feeling so useless . well that escalated quickly . edit nevermind . im feeling so useless . quote from deepdotweb on february pmnot much info at this point but not looking good for them and stickied . any one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site . any one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site . not much info at this point but not looking good for them . wow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately . not much info at this point but not looking good for them . wow this was fast lucky im sticked with pirate market . more btc for le . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmim feeling so useless you are doing all that you can ils no one could ask for more . sigh such a shameleave us alone . quote from deepdotweb on february pmany one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site good idea mate hopefully someone will shortly . sigh such a shameleave us alone . more btc for le . ok we have some news to someone on reddit quoteit says that the dutch police has confirmed that theyve seized the marketsite details on how they did it will be available later this week . quote from deepdotweb on february pmany one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site good idea mate hopefully someone will shortly . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmim feeling so useless you are doing all that you can ils no one could ask for more . edit nevermind . any one who speaks dutch might be able to search the dutch media police site . sigh such a shameleave us alone . not much info at this point but not looking good for them . wow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately . more btc for le . quote from dandantheicecreamman on february pmquote from unknownand the website was today for a few hours offline maybe they changed the host to a dutch police server lol . wow this was fast lucky im sticked with pirate market . sigh such a shameleave us alone . quote from deepdotweb on february pmnot much info at this point but not looking good for them and stickied . unluckily they were under investigation from undercover agents since . unluckily they were under investigation from undercover agents since . chances are a mistake was made early on in the creation of the site and the dutch police were waiting for some transactions to occur before legitimately seizing the server ils im so sorry let me know if there is anything the sr can do . super damn i really hope the police screw up have to release the coins and the people involved my prayers are with them all . man this sucks i was hoping they were on the run rather than in jail really liked the utopia admins . heres an article about it . quote from deepdotweb on january pmfor those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously what a story great lessons thanks . article dated short people arrested for running topic and the sale of drugs weapon and ammunition police also seized bitcoins worth about or the dutch authorities said their operation codenamed commodore sent out a message that no one was untouchable on tor two dutch men aged and alleged to have run the service had also been involved in black market reloaded which had closed towards the end of said prosecutors the fullthe other suspects arrested on friday are a year old from utrecht who the prosecutors said they believed had been involved in several other unnamed black market marketplaces in addition to utopia a year old dutch national accused of illegal trade over the internet and an attempt to incite murder a year old german arrested in bad nauheim near frankfurt accused of selling hard drugs and weaponspublic prosecution of the public prosecution document . article dated short people arrested for running topic and the sale of drugs weapon and ammunition police also seized bitcoins worth about or the dutch authorities said their operation codenamed commodore sent out a message that no one was untouchable on tor two dutch men aged and alleged to have run the service had also been involved in black market reloaded which had closed towards the end of said prosecutors the fullthe other suspects arrested on friday are a year old from utrecht who the prosecutors said they believed had been involved in several other unnamed black market marketplaces in addition to utopia a year old dutch national accused of illegal trade over the internet and an attempt to incite murder a year old german arrested in bad nauheim near frankfurt accused of selling hard drugs and weaponspublic prosecution of the public prosecution document . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . quote from deepdotweb on january pmafter having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them read thanks . article dated short people arrested for running topic and the sale of drugs weapon and ammunition police also seized bitcoins worth about or the dutch authorities said their operation codenamed commodore sent out a message that no one was untouchable on tor two dutch men aged and alleged to have run the service had also been involved in black market reloaded which had closed towards the end of said prosecutors the fullthe other suspects arrested on friday are a year old from utrecht who the prosecutors said they believed had been involved in several other unnamed black market marketplaces in addition to utopia a year old dutch national accused of illegal trade over the internet and an attempt to incite murder a year old german arrested in bad nauheim near frankfurt accused of selling hard drugs and weaponspublic prosecution of the public prosecution document . quote from highspeedflying on february pmwow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately the process of regstering an account was never fixed for me and now its gone thoughts out to all those who are affected only divided we fall . super damn i really hope the police screw up have to release the coins and the people involved my prayers are with them all . this was really fast fuckpolice . well we all know that there is a risk of this happening on any marketplace but wow they managed to take this site in what less than weeks thats just surprising . this was really fast fuckpolice . chances are a mistake was made early on in the creation of the site and the dutch police were waiting for some transactions to occur before legitimately seizing the server ils im so sorry let me know if there is anything the sr can do . unluckily they were under investigation from undercover agents since . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . chances are a mistake was made early on in the creation of the site and the dutch police were waiting for some transactions to occur before legitimately seizing the server ils im so sorry let me know if there is anything the sr can do . quote from deepdotweb on january pmfor those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously what a story great lessons thanks . man this sucks i was hoping they were on the run rather than in jail really liked the utopia admins . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . heres an article about it . quote from highspeedflying on february pmwow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately the process of regstering an account was never fixed for me and now its gone thoughts out to all those who are affected only divided we fall . quote from deepdotweb on january pmafter having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them read thanks . well we all know that there is a risk of this happening on any marketplace but wow they managed to take this site in what less than weeks thats just surprising . unluckily they were under investigation from undercover agents since . quote from deepdotweb on january pmafter having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them read thanks . quote from highspeedflying on february pmwow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately the process of regstering an account was never fixed for me and now its gone thoughts out to all those who are affected only divided we fall . this was really fast fuckpolice . article dated short people arrested for running topic and the sale of drugs weapon and ammunition police also seized bitcoins worth about or the dutch authorities said their operation codenamed commodore sent out a message that no one was untouchable on tor two dutch men aged and alleged to have run the service had also been involved in black market reloaded which had closed towards the end of said prosecutors the fullthe other suspects arrested on friday are a year old from utrecht who the prosecutors said they believed had been involved in several other unnamed black market marketplaces in addition to utopia a year old dutch national accused of illegal trade over the internet and an attempt to incite murder a year old german arrested in bad nauheim near frankfurt accused of selling hard drugs and weaponspublic prosecution of the public prosecution document . super damn i really hope the police screw up have to release the coins and the people involved my prayers are with them all . super damn i really hope the police screw up have to release the coins and the people involved my prayers are with them all . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . quote from deepdotweb on january pmafter having some long communication with the owners we found them very professional so we made a small introduction interview with them read thanks . well we all know that there is a risk of this happening on any marketplace but wow they managed to take this site in what less than weeks thats just surprising . quote from deepdotweb on january pmfor those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously what a story great lessons thanks . this was really fast fuckpolice . man this sucks i was hoping they were on the run rather than in jail really liked the utopia admins . heres an article about it . quote from deepdotweb on january pmfor those of you who did not follow this looooooong story from the beginning to the end we bring you the most recent fiasco edited into a complete and clear timeline with alot of help from the avid owners please take your security seriously what a story great lessons thanks . quote from highspeedflying on february pmwow that was fast i only just signed up to this site the other day glad i didnt have a chance to place an order yet looked promising as a marketplace unfortunately the process of regstering an account was never fixed for me and now its gone thoughts out to all those who are affected only divided we fall . heres an article about it . man this sucks i was hoping they were on the run rather than in jail really liked the utopia admins . well we all know that there is a risk of this happening on any marketplace but wow they managed to take this site in what less than weeks thats just surprising . chances are a mistake was made early on in the creation of the site and the dutch police were waiting for some transactions to occur before legitimately seizing the server ils im so sorry let me know if there is anything the sr can do . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . dam i didnt even get a chance to check out the site . dam i didnt even get a chance to check out the site . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . dam i didnt even get a chance to check out the site . in the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmheres an article about it anyone . sorry missed that part . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmheres an article about it anyone . sorry missed that part . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . in the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmheres an article about it anyone . sorry missed that part . in the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . in the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document . sorry missed that part . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmheres an article about it anyone . quote from bullionaire on february pmman this sucks really liked the topic admins quote from mycarneedstint on february pmmy prayers are with them all quote from deepdotweb on february amin the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document for the story . quote from bullionaire on february pmman this sucks really liked the topic admins quote from mycarneedstint on february pmmy prayers are with them all quote from deepdotweb on february amin the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document for the story . quote from bullionaire on february pmman this sucks really liked the topic admins quote from mycarneedstint on february pmmy prayers are with them all quote from deepdotweb on february amin the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document for the story . quote from bullionaire on february pmman this sucks really liked the topic admins quote from mycarneedstint on february pmmy prayers are with them all quote from deepdotweb on february amin the op quotetranslation of the public prosecution document for the story . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . if you dont want to use js we have summed this up for you with screenshots of the tables you want to use js op . if you dont want to use js we have summed this up for you with screenshots of the tables you want to use js op . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . if you dont want to use js we have summed this up for you with screenshots of the tables you want to use js op . if you dont want to use js we have summed this up for you with screenshots of the tables you want to use js op . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . that is funny but that were seems like a self righteous prick . quote from deepdotweb on february pm thanks . quote from deepdotweb on february pm thanks . quote from deepdotweb on february pm thanks . quote from deepdotweb on february pm thanks . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . that is funny but that were seems like a self righteous prick . that is funny but that were seems like a self righteous prick . i dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks . thank you benson i had an idea but needed it confirming in you but dont know how . upstanding research i must say . i dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks . thank you benson i had an idea but needed it confirming in you but dont know how . quote from checkout on february pmi dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks it means finding someone s real life data like name or address . quote from checkout on february pmi dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks it means finding someone s real life data like name or address . quote from checkout on february pmi dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks it means finding someone s real life data like name or address . i dont want to sound like an idiot but can someone explain what doxxed actually means i understand the thread its gone after hours but whats the term really mean thanks . upstanding research i must say . thank you benson i had an idea but needed it confirming in you but dont know how . upstanding research i must say . upstanding research i must say . oh dear god that is funny . oh dear god that is funny . oh dear god that is funny . i have some empathy but please do not forget the fact you are a reporter id not have exposed your common information poor protocol is immature just my opinion . very much agree ill you when i get a chance it is strange when everybody wants to know as much as possible about everything and everyone while we are sharing tips and tutorials on how to stay anonymous on tor hidden services i have no affiliation with any market just to be clear but its annoying to see personal info posted left and right would you like somebody to do that to you karma is a bitch what goes around comes around stay safe all . very much agree ill you when i get a chance it is strange when everybody wants to know as much as possible about everything and everyone while we are sharing tips and tutorials on how to stay anonymous on tor hidden services i have no affiliation with any market just to be clear but its annoying to see personal info posted left and right would you like somebody to do that to you karma is a bitch what goes around comes around stay safe all . i have some empathy but please do not forget the fact you are a reporter id not have exposed your common information poor protocol is immature just my opinion . very much agree ill you when i get a chance it is strange when everybody wants to know as much as possible about everything and everyone while we are sharing tips and tutorials on how to stay anonymous on tor hidden services i have no affiliation with any market just to be clear but its annoying to see personal info posted left and right would you like somebody to do that to you karma is a bitch what goes around comes around stay safe all . i have some empathy but please do not forget the fact you are a reporter id not have exposed your common information poor protocol is immature just my opinion . directed from now on to darknetmarkets to discourage the users from turning to sr mods announcement . hey deepdot i noticed that earlier too that subreddit was ship and half fud but it was around for two years . directed from now on to darknetmarkets to discourage the users from turning to sr mods announcement . i wont publicly disclose who i am here but most of you are very intelligent and can figure it out i worked closely with an advertising agency around february th to expose the war on drugs and more broadly the war on people as a result of this work ross finally got his arraignment date and more important the gears of progress for humanity started moving in the right direction give slowly been adding some of the security posts of this forum to my website in an attempt to help people become more technologically enlightened and aware please pm for more information for now the heresay and rumors regarding sr can be put to rest ross really was dr dpr is probably and deservedly on a beach somewhere sipping mojitos as many of you have mentioned and the bitcoin heist was indeed a result of the transaction mallaebility exploit rather than an elaborate yet totally logical scheme to run away with everyones money do your best to support the sr team during this transition period im confident that the leadership here is accused on serving everyone in this community and i believe wholeheartedly that together we can steer this rocky ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people good day mates asootsoass . i wont publicly disclose who i am here but most of you are very intelligent and can figure it out i worked closely with an advertising agency around february th to expose the war on drugs and more broadly the war on people as a result of this work ross finally got his arraignment date and more important the gears of progress for humanity started moving in the right direction give slowly been adding some of the security posts of this forum to my website in an attempt to help people become more technologically enlightened and aware please pm for more information for now the heresay and rumors regarding sr can be put to rest ross really was dr dpr is probably and deservedly on a beach somewhere sipping mojitos as many of you have mentioned and the bitcoin heist was indeed a result of the transaction mallaebility exploit rather than an elaborate yet totally logical scheme to run away with everyones money do your best to support the sr team during this transition period im confident that the leadership here is accused on serving everyone in this community and i believe wholeheartedly that together we can steer this rocky ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people good day mates asootsoass . hey deepdot i noticed that earlier too that subreddit was ship and half fud but it was around for two years . quote from trolltergeist on march amasootsoass plz decon gave us a lame plausible excuse about losing our btc he stole it period or better said the coin was stolen by defcon is the logical answer it was on his watch sr is a clusterfuck from its relaunch no support ever the forums are censured way much and way many obvious le afoot better obvious than not eh for all intense and purposes sr is a honeypot trap enter and go to jail anyone who supports sr is ignorant le or working w sr to build it up for scam and expects a cut of that robbery the sr ship will never be upright nor honorable ship ever again the mods are ship the only thing they do is delete posts not support the people there is no sr help b found i sincerely hope you security advice is better than your marketplace advice this is not a troll post pick a new marketplace and steer that new ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people . quote from trolltergeist on march amasootsoass plz decon gave us a lame plausible excuse about losing our btc he stole it period or better said the coin was stolen by defcon is the logical answer it was on his watch sr is a clusterfuck from its relaunch no support ever the forums are censured way much and way many obvious le afoot better obvious than not eh for all intense and purposes sr is a honeypot trap enter and go to jail anyone who supports sr is ignorant le or working w sr to build it up for scam and expects a cut of that robbery the sr ship will never be upright nor honorable ship ever again the mods are ship the only thing they do is delete posts not support the people there is no sr help b found i sincerely hope you security advice is better than your marketplace advice this is not a troll post pick a new marketplace and steer that new ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people . thanks for the great read deepdotweb . thanks for the great read deepdotweb . thanks for the great read deepdotweb . thanks for the great read deepdotweb . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . should keep the fbi busy for a while . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . the problem with so many new markets is who to trust when you look at the list of now dead or defunct markets is is growing almost as fast as the new market list i like the concept of having competition and multiply marketplaces so you can spread your activity out making it hard to track implicit activities but at that same time id hat for a market to close down with my btc still in their wallet . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . quote from gwern on february apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest he took it down because he didnt earn in a day . lol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens dung why but it gave me a good chuckle gusse when we die some thing happens right lol . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . bb seems to be dead down for over a week now . apparently site owner took it down due to lack of interest . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . should keep the fbi busy for a while . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . breaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list . quote from pirate market on february pmnah he took it down because he didnt earn in a day lolquote from the g dfather on february amlol the signiture says life goes on no matter what happens felt to me more like so be brave live your dreams always keep getting to the next level . quote from deepdotweb on february pmbreaking bad counting around marketplaces on our list markets wow the alphabet agencys really fucked up when busting sr they are probably kicking themselves in the ass . yeah we know was moved to the dead section . 