magical i wanted to know if a bitcoin address in another post was still the right one to donate and it seems like the answer came without me asking thanks for your work for keeping this forum up and running root and thanks to everyone involved in this nice community love . there are many members and vendors that very much share and enhance the community experience the best members and vendors always come with an open mind and give back however they can be it in btc perspective life experience knowledge personal support or just bringing a positive disposition all give something in working toward a common goal of becoming better people enjoy interacting with the majority of you sometimes does not seem like it based on the posts from this account but appreciate the discussions with almost all thank you gammagoblin for giving back and thank you tmg as a community . if anyone would like to donate towards server cost you can send leftover bitcoins to cqmsjyg xn pmvjhfrjvqlv tp twhgabut i would like to thank all the members of this community for making it what it is today all of us wanted a place to go after we lost sr and we are happy to be here for the community thank you all . dear admins mods do you have any btc address that we can donate to weve made more than enough successful transactions thanks to your site so we want to return some wealth to the people who really deserve it if you have such address please post it somewhere to make it visible for all of the users we want to keep this place up and running as the last resort of non market approach for dim psychedelic distribution and information . dear admins mods do you have any btc address that we can donate to we ve made more than enough successful transactions thanks to your site so we want to return some wealth to the people who really deserve it if you have such address please post it somewhere to make it visible for all of the users we want to keep this place up and running as the last resort of non market approach for dim psychedelic distribution and information . if anyone would like to donate towards server cost you can send leftover bitcoins to cqmsjyg xn pmvjhfrjvqlv tp twhgabut i would like to thank all the members of this community for making it what it is today all of us wanted a place to go after we lost sr and we are happy to be here for the community thank you all . there are many members and vendors that very much share and enhance the community experience the best members and vendors always come with an open mind and give back however they can be it in btc perspective life experience knowledge personal support or just bringing a positive disposition all give something in working toward a common goal of becoming better people enjoy interacting with the majority of you sometimes does not seem like it based on the posts from this account but appreciate the discussions with almost all thank you gammagoblin for giving back and thank you tmg as a community . magical i wanted to know if a bitcoin address in another post was still the right one to donate and it seems like the answer came without me asking thanks for your work for keeping this forum up and running root and thanks to everyone involved in this nice community love . dear admins mods do you have any btc address that we can donate to we ve made more than enough successful transactions thanks to your site so we want to return some wealth to the people who really deserve it if you have such address please post it somewhere to make it visible for all of the users we want to keep this place up and running as the last resort of non market approach for dim psychedelic distribution and information . if anyone would like to donate towards server cost you can send leftover bitcoins to cqmsjyg xn pmvjhfrjvqlv tp twhgabut i would like to thank all the members of this community for making it what it is today all of us wanted a place to go after we lost sr and we are happy to be here for the community thank you all . there are many members and vendors that very much share and enhance the community experience the best members and vendors always come with an open mind and give back however they can be it in btc perspective life experience knowledge personal support or just bringing a positive disposition all give something in working toward a common goal of becoming better people enjoy interacting with the majority of you sometimes does not seem like it based on the posts from this account but appreciate the discussions with almost all thank you gammagoblin for giving back and thank you tmg as a community . magical i wanted to know if a bitcoin address in another post was still the right one to donate and it seems like the answer came without me asking thanks for your work for keeping this forum up and running root and thanks to everyone involved in this nice community love . dear admins mods do you have any btc address that we can donate to weve made more than enough successful transactions thanks to your site so we want to return some wealth to the people who really deserve it if you have such address please post it somewhere to make it visible for all of the users we want to keep this place up and running as the last resort of non market approach for dim psychedelic distribution and information . if anyone would like to donate towards server cost you can send leftover bitcoins to cqmsjyg xn pmvjhfrjvqlv tp twhgabut i would like to thank all the members of this community for making it what it is today all of us wanted a place to go after we lost sr and we are happy to be here for the community thank you all . there are many members and vendors that very much share and enhance the community experience the best members and vendors always come with an open mind and give back however they can be it in btc perspective life experience knowledge personal support or just bringing a positive disposition all give something in working toward a common goal of becoming better people enjoy interacting with the majority of you sometimes does not seem like it based on the posts from this account but appreciate the discussions with almost all thank you gammagoblin for giving back and thank you tmg as a community . magical i wanted to know if a bitcoin address in another post was still the right one to donate and it seems like the answer came without me asking thanks for your work for keeping this forum up and running root and thanks to everyone involved in this nice community love . gammagoblin . thank you donation was made and we encourage others especially vendors to do the same as its a little price for keeping this great psychedelic haven online . thank you donation was made and we encourage others especially vendors to do the same as its a little price for keeping this great psychedelic haven online . gammagoblin . thank you donation was made and we encourage others especially vendors to do the same as it s a little price for keeping this great psychedelic haven online . gammagoblin . gammagoblin . thank you donation was made and we encourage others especially vendors to do the same as it s a little price for keeping this great psychedelic haven online . gammagoblinthank you that will keep the community running for a while and thank you for all the other members that come here to share knowledge and experience . i always donate my change after a purchase to tmg i dont know what id do without it . i always donate my change after a purchase to tmg i don t know what i d do without it . gammagoblinthank you that will keep the community running for a while and thank you for all the other members that come here to share knowledge and experience . i always donate my change after a purchase to tmg i don t know what i d do without it . gammagoblinthank you that will keep the community running for a while and thank you for all the other members that come here to share knowledge and experience . gammagoblinthank you that will keep the community running for a while and thank you for all the other members that come here to share knowledge and experience . i always donate my change after a purchase to tmg i dont know what id do without it . 