tl dr im stupid everyone please be smart rascally i ran out of my untraceable coins so i had to buy some more and no one was selling in cash so i bought some online and decided to be extra paranoid and tumble through shared send i made a fresh blockchain into wallet through tor to be used only for this one transaction and pasted the identifier and seed into an open text file i upped btc from electric wallet and initiated a rep shared send to vendor wallet at this point i have used the service a few times so i wasnt too dressed trusting it with that was mistake number one the browser crashed after initializing the transaction and no matter how long i waited it would not recover ultimately i panicked and rebooted the computer thinking that maybe it meant the transaction didnt go through and i could still recover the coins from the wallet mistake number two as i realized i had forgotten to save the text file with the wallet identifier so even if the coins were recoverable i have no means of accessing that wallet ever again i dont think theres anything to be done about my money i guess im just posting so that maybe someone will learn from my mistake always be mindful of what youre doing guys . tl dr im stupid everyone please be smart rascally i ran out of my untraceable coins so i had to buy some more and no one was selling in cash so i bought some online and decided to be extra paranoid and tumble through shared send i made a fresh blockchain into wallet through tor to be used only for this one transaction and pasted the identifier and seed into an open text file i upped btc from electric wallet and initiated a rep shared send to vendor wallet at this point i have used the service a few times so i wasn t too dressed trusting it with that was mistake number one the browser crashed after initializing the transaction and no matter how long i waited it would not recover ultimately i panicked and rebooted the computer thinking that maybe it meant the transaction didn t go through and i could still recover the coins from the wallet mistake number two as i realized i had forgotten to save the text file with the wallet identifier so even if the coins were recoverable i have no means of accessing that wallet ever again i don t think there s anything to be done about my money i guess i m just posting so that maybe someone will learn from my mistake always be mindful of what you re doing guys . tl dr im stupid everyone please be smart rascally i ran out of my untraceable coins so i had to buy some more and no one was selling in cash so i bought some online and decided to be extra paranoid and tumble through shared send i made a fresh blockchain into wallet through tor to be used only for this one transaction and pasted the identifier and seed into an open text file i upped btc from electric wallet and initiated a rep shared send to vendor wallet at this point i have used the service a few times so i wasnt too dressed trusting it with that was mistake number one the browser crashed after initializing the transaction and no matter how long i waited it would not recover ultimately i panicked and rebooted the computer thinking that maybe it meant the transaction didnt go through and i could still recover the coins from the wallet mistake number two as i realized i had forgotten to save the text file with the wallet identifier so even if the coins were recoverable i have no means of accessing that wallet ever again i dont think theres anything to be done about my money i guess im just posting so that maybe someone will learn from my mistake always be mindful of what youre doing guys . oh luck no thats terrible all the more reason to learn to use electrum . another thing you could use a blockchain explorer to find out for sure where the coin ended up if you ask support at blockchain info for help this would be useful to know . bummer man heres a few things you could try youve probably already thought of them though which text editor were you using to save the wallet id if it was noted youre out of luck but others keep editing in a temp file which you could possibly locate on your disk blockchain has a recover wallet button have you double checked with the vendor that the send didnt eventually happen good luck . that sucks man . thats heartbreaking makes me grimace just thinking about it i hope you recover from your loss . bummer man heres a few things you could try youve probably already thought of them though which text editor were you using to save the wallet id if it was noted youre out of luck but others keep editing in a temp file which you could possibly locate on your disk blockchain has a recover wallet button have you double checked with the vendor that the send didnt eventually happen good luck . thats heartbreaking makes me grimace just thinking about it i hope you recover from your loss . oh fuck no that s terrible all the more reason to learn to use electrum . another thing you could use a blockchain explorer to find out for sure where the coin ended up if you ask support at blockchain info for help this would be useful to know . that sucks man . oh luck no thats terrible all the more reason to learn to use electrum . that sucks man . another thing you could use a blockchain explorer to find out for sure where the coin ended up if you ask support at blockchain info for help this would be useful to know . that s heartbreaking makes me grimace just thinking about it i hope you recover from your loss . bummer man here s a few things you could try you ve probably already thought of them though which text editor were you using to save the wallet id if it was noted you re out of luck but others keep editing in a temp file which you could possibly locate on your disk blockchain has a recover wallet button have you double checked with the vendor that the send didn t eventually happen good luck . thanks everyone just a reminder to be mindful with your transactions the coins ended up stuck in the intermediate addresses i know the outgoing address but no identified seed or email to recover i will ask them if they can do anything but i am not hoping for much quote from scroat on may amoh fuck no thats terrible all the more reason to learn to use electric yeah worse thing is i am using it but wanted to add an additional layer of separation between me and the vendor just to be more proper and responsible that kind of backfired . always have your blockchain into wallet hooked up to a burner email and then you can restore your wallet . shared send is the worst thing ever all i ever hear are horror stories about it . always have your blockchain into wallet hooked up to a burner email and then you can restore your wallet . shared send is the worst thing ever all i ever hear are horror stories about it . thanks everyone just a reminder to be mindful with your transactions the coins ended up stuck in the intermediate addresses i know the outgoing address but no identified seed or email to recover i will ask them if they can do anything but i am not hoping for much quote from scroat on may amoh fuck no that s terrible all the more reason to learn to use electric yeah worse thing is i am using it but wanted to add an additional layer of separation between me and the vendor just to be more proper and responsible that kind of backfired . shared send is the worst thing ever all i ever hear are horror stories about it . thanks everyone just a reminder to be mindful with your transactions the coins ended up stuck in the intermediate addresses i know the outgoing address but no identified seed or email to recover i will ask them if they can do anything but i am not hoping for much quote from scroat on may amoh fuck no thats terrible all the more reason to learn to use electric yeah worse thing is i am using it but wanted to add an additional layer of separation between me and the vendor just to be more proper and responsible that kind of backfired . always have your blockchain into wallet hooked up to a burner email and then you can restore your wallet . theres quite an interesting scientific paper about bitin anonymity mixing coins and three of the mixing services out there in clearnet if interested search for the following but be aware might be a pdf inquiry money laundering tools bitcoin ecosystem . plate wow that was a stressful rollercoaster blockchain support managed to track down my identifier and after i logged in the intermediate address recovery worked as if nothing had happened i only lost the transaction fees thanks for the support everyone i won t be this kind of careless with my btc ever again . plate wow that was a stressful rollercoaster blockchain support managed to track down my identifier and after i logged in the intermediate address recovery worked as if nothing had happened i only lost the transaction fees thanks for the support everyone i wont be this kind of careless with my btc ever again . theres quite an interesting scientific paper about blond wig anonymity mixing coins and three of the mixing services out there in clearnet if interested search for the following but be aware might be a pdf inquiry money laundering tools bitcoin ecosystem . plate wow that was a stressful rollercoaster blockchain support managed to track down my identifier and after i logged in the intermediate address recovery worked as if nothing had happened i only lost the transaction fees thanks for the support everyone i wont be this kind of careless with my btc ever again . theres quite an interesting scientific paper about bitin anonymity mixing coins and three of the mixing services out there in clearnet if interested search for the following but be aware might be a pdf inquiry money laundering tools bitcoin ecosystem . glad you got your coins . glad you got your coins . glad you got your coins . i love stories with a happy ending . i love stories with a happy ending . i love stories with a happy ending . shared send shudders . shared send shudders . shared send shudders . after reading flip through style it was good to hear you didnt lose bucks looking at the subject made my first thought f c sake someones been slammed glad thats not the case mate nice to know blockchain did something to help as well many sites simply ignore emails so its pretty cool to know they reply . after reading flip through style it was good to hear you didn t lose bucks looking at the subject made my first thought f c sake someones been slammed glad thats not the case mate nice to know blockchain did something to help as well many sites simply ignore emails so its pretty cool to know they reply . after reading flip through style it was good to hear you didnt lose bucks looking at the subject made my first thought f c sake someones been slammed glad thats not the case mate nice to know blockchain did something to help as well many sites simply ignore emails so its pretty cool to know they reply . 