what can we do to help this place take off how quickly did you want it to take off this needs to be asked because we want to make it happen as you envisioned it let us know what we can do to get this party started . one thing we imagine would be useful is to navigate your way around the site and submit feature requests here on the forum to make that experience better the more brains looking at this the more diverse the approach also submitting bug reports if and when you find them . what can we do to help this place take off how quickly did you want it to take off this needs to be asked because we want to make it happen as you envisioned it let us know what we can do to get this party started . subd . subd . subd . what can we do to help this place take off how quickly did you want it to take off this needs to be asked because we want to make it happen as you envisioned it let us know what we can do to get this party started . one thing we imagine would be useful is to navigate your way around the site and submit feature requests here on the forum to make that experience better the more brains looking at this the more diverse the approach also submitting bug reports if and when you find them . what can we do to help this place take off how quickly did you want it to take off this needs to be asked because we want to make it happen as you envisioned it let us know what we can do to get this party started . sub d . one thing we imagine would be useful is to navigate your way around the site and submit feature requests here on the forum to make that experience better the more brains looking at this the more diverse the approach also submitting bug reports if and when you find them . one thing we imagine would be useful is to navigate your way around the site and submit feature requests here on the forum to make that experience better the more brains looking at this the more diverse the approach also submitting bug reports if and when you find them . id be happy to help w any seraphic design work im by no means a professional but in love to put some work into a log header image if you dont already have someone working on it . id be happy to help w any seraphic design work im by no means a professional but in love to put some work into a log header image if you dont already have someone working on it . i d be happy to help w any seraphic design work i m by no means a professional but i d love to put some work into a log header image if you don t already have someone working on it . id be happy to help w any seraphic design work im by no means a professional but in love to put some work into a log header image if you dont already have someone working on it . is there someone in charge of inviting people here . is there someone in charge of inviting people here . is there someone in charge of inviting people here . is there someone in charge of inviting people here . that sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now . that sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now . that sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now . that sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now . quote from inanna on january amthat sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now open registration invite everyone . quote from inanna on january amthat sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now open registration invite everyone . quote from inanna on january amthat sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now open registration invite everyone . quote from inanna on january amthat sounds like a good plan i was just confused as there were no invite codes are applicants screened individually or is it open registration right now open registration invite everyone . im working on getting a couple blog posts out to help nothing has been posted yet but in starting to get excited about this place this is going to be fun the only question is how hard can we promote this ill just start posting blogs and see how many i can get published . im working on getting a couple blog posts out to help nothing has been posted yet but in starting to get excited about this place this is going to be fun the only question is how hard can we promote this ill just start posting blogs and see how many i can get published . i m working on getting a couple blog posts out to help nothing has been posted yet but i m starting to get excited about this place this is going to be fun the only question is how hard can we promote this i ll just start posting blogs and see how many i can get published . im working on getting a couple blog posts out to help nothing has been posted yet but in starting to get excited about this place this is going to be fun the only question is how hard can we promote this ill just start posting blogs and see how many i can get published . i guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers . cool i guess my blog article got fast tracked so its up i wrote it at the request of an admin and i thought it was a cool idea i ll try to steer some people this way i know a couple of people who won t touch many of the other sites because of the drama but would probably go for something like this if they got a referred i really like that there isn t an escrow system in practice escrow is good although i think when you are dealing with a known good vendor it shouldn t matter i like it that it is being organically grown as a market you can t just blow up and attract too much attention if you build it they will come tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p . cool i guess my blog article got fast tracked so its up i wrote it at the request of an admin and i thought it was a cool idea ill try to steer some people this way i know a couple of people who wont touch many of the other sites because of the drama but would probably go for something like this if they got a referred i really like that there isnt an escrow system in practice escrow is good although i think when you are dealing with a known good vendor it shouldnt matter i like it that it is being organically grown as a market you cant just blow up and attract too much attention if you build it they will come tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p . i guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers . cool i guess my blog article got fast tracked so its up i wrote it at the request of an admin and i thought it was a cool idea ill try to steer some people this way i know a couple of people who wont touch many of the other sites because of the drama but would probably go for something like this if they got a referred i really like that there isnt an escrow system in practice escrow is good although i think when you are dealing with a known good vendor it shouldnt matter i like it that it is being organically grown as a market you cant just blow up and attract too much attention if you build it they will come tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p . cool i guess my blog article got fast tracked so its up i wrote it at the request of an admin and i thought it was a cool idea ill try to steer some people this way i know a couple of people who wont touch many of the other sites because of the drama but would probably go for something like this if they got a referred i really like that there isnt an escrow system in practice escrow is good although i think when you are dealing with a known good vendor it shouldnt matter i like it that it is being organically grown as a market you cant just blow up and attract too much attention if you build it they will come tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p . i guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers . i guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers . quote from gggreenbud on february pm tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p welcome back from retirement avengers . quote from gggreenbud on february pm tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p welcome back from retirement avengers . quote from gggreenbud on february pm tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p welcome back from retirement avengers . quote from gggreenbud on february pm tmg a new online market is a market for the rest of us clearnet link hxxp secretlaboratory org p welcome back from retirement avengers . i am going to have a good look around the main page and forum for any type of bugs or things we could do with on here tonight lets get the party started happy trails funguyz . i am going to have a good look around the main page and forum for any type of bugs or things we could do with on here tonight lets get the party started happy trails funguyz . i am going to have a good look around the main page and forum for any type of bugs or things we could do with on here tonight lets get the party started happy trails funguyz . i am going to have a good look around the main page and forum for any type of bugs or things we could do with on here tonight lets get the party started happy trails funguyz . quote from enigmaticsmile on february amquote from pinkfloyd on february amwelcome back to the jungle again pinklol love the pink heres your first right back at ya love pink floyd fearless . best not to use an online wallet ie blockchain info but rather a desktop one like electrum for everyday tasks cant beat armory for cold storage . quote from gardener on february pmi guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers i suppose us buyers better do our part then and consume as many drugs as possible immediately ill get right on that . welcome back to the jungle again pink . how would you like to use it for storage for sending . i use electrum it is lightweight encrusted easy to use opensource and promotes security . does anyone have recommendations for anonymous btc wallets to use . quote from gardener on february pmi guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers i suppose us buyers better do our part then and consume as many drugs as possible immediately ill get right on that . welcome back to the jungle again pink . welcome back to the jungle again pink . quote from gardener on february pmi guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers i suppose us buyers better do our part then and consume as many drugs as possible immediately i ll get right on that . quote from enigmaticsmile on february amquote from pinkfloyd on february amwelcome back to the jungle again pinklol love the pink heres your first right back at ya love pink floyd fearless . quote from enigmaticsmile on february amquote from pinkfloyd on february amwelcome back to the jungle again pinklol love the pink heres your first right back at ya love pink floyd fearless . quote from gardener on february pmi guess the catch is buyers want to join a market with vendors and vendors want to join a market with buyers i suppose us buyers better do our part then and consume as many drugs as possible immediately ill get right on that . welcome back to the jungle again pink . quote from enigmaticsmile on february amquote from pinkfloyd on february amwelcome back to the jungle again pinklol love the pink heres your first right back at ya love pink floyd fearless . the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows us to opt out of appearing online when we are to do this go to profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online everyone do this here s some food for thought on why quotethis is because of all those abi probability attacks they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site if it is ever compromise or safe mail which announces to everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and it s apparently solid evidence because plenty of people like ceremony hammond of lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared on irc at this time we monitoredhis wife signal yes they can pinpoint your wife signal if under surveillance and he was using tor exactly the same time that s all it takes . the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows us to opt out of appearing online when we are to do this go to profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online everyone do this heres some food for thought on why quotethis is because of all those abi probability attacks they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site if it is ever compromise or safe mail which announces to everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and its apparently solid evidence because plenty of people like ceremony hammond of lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared on irc at this time we monitoredhis wife signal yes they can pinpoint your wife signal if under surveillance and he was using tor exactly the same time thats all it takes . the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows us to opt out of appearing online when we are to do this go to profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online everyone do this here s some food for thought on why quotethis is because of all those abi probability attacks they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site if it is ever compromise or safe mail which announces to everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and it s apparently solid evidence because plenty of people like ceremony hammond of lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared on irc at this time we monitoredhis wife signal yes they can pinpoint your wife signal if under surveillance and he was using tor exactly the same time that s all it takes . the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows us to opt out of appearing online when we are to do this go to profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online everyone do this heres some food for thought on why quotethis is because of all those abi probability attacks they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site if it is ever compromise or safe mail which announces to everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and its apparently solid evidence because plenty of people like ceremony hammond of lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared on irc at this time we monitoredhis wife signal yes they can pinpoint your wife signal if under surveillance and he was using tor exactly the same time thats all it takes . quote from wryoyrw on february amdoes anyone have recommendations for anonymous btc wallets to use i use wallets electrum for receiving dirty coins electrum for clean coins after washing them and a blond wig it wallet dat for my savings the dirty electrum wallet routes trough tor the clean one doesnt . would suggest against being specific with your own set up if you are a higher value target b stay safe out here its the wild west jor . what would be the safest one for sending . the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows us to opt out of appearing online when we are to do this go to profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online everyone do this heres some food for thought on why quotethis is because of all those abi probability attacks they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site if it is ever compromise or safe mail which announces to everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and its apparently solid evidence because plenty of people like ceremony hammond of lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared on irc at this time we monitoredhis wife signal yes they can pinpoint your wife signal if under surveillance and he was using tor exactly the same time thats all it takes . what would be the safest most anonymity to send vendors coins is it safe to just do it directly with an online wallet like coinbase . can you purchase btc through electrum can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous . ok have seen this question come up a few times so thought i would write up some thoughts that might help stimulate some conversation safety note if you are a vendor it is probably best advised if you refrain from discussing the particulars of how you handle your coins in general try to avoid mention what software or hardware you use etc walletswhy trust a web service at all you can download a lite client and handle sending and receiving from your own computer note you must configure this to run through tor if you are going to use it for buying droooogs code select can you purchase btc through electrum not again can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon online blockchain if you need a wallet on the fly then you could set up a brand new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email address and it can be one time use only on opsec for online wallets if using them to purchase controlled substances always access them through tor never link your real life identity to these services ie register with an email that is linked to your irl identity if you logon to it not through tor this means your in physical location is linked to that wallet abandon it immediately never logon again and create new wallet start a new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email at all what to do if you bought btc with your credit card across an clearnet connection suggestion blockchain shared send blockchain shared send bitcoinfog will update this as we get more input and specific questions . great idea im under the impression that if i have coins totally unlike to me and i use a blockchain wallet only ever logging on through tor then i am quite safe to send the coins to the vendor but for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful . great idea im under the impression that if i have coins totally unlike to me and i use a blockchain wallet only ever logging on through tor then i am quite safe to send the coins to the vendor but for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful . ok have seen this question come up a few times so thought i would write up some thoughts that might help stimulate some conversation safety note if you are a vendor it is probably best advised if you refrain from discussing the particulars of how you handle your coins in general try to avoid mention what software or hardware you use etc walletswhy trust a web service at all you can download a lite client and handle sending and receiving from your own computer note you must configure this to run through tor if you are going to use it for buying droooogs code select can you purchase btc through electrum not again can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon online blockchain if you need a wallet on the fly then you could set up a brand new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email address and it can be one time use only on opsec for online wallets if using them to purchase controlled substances always access them through tor never link your real life identity to these services ie register with an email that is linked to your irl identity if you logon to it not through tor this means your in physical location is linked to that wallet abandon it immediately never logon again and create new wallet start a new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email at all what to do if you bought btc with your credit card across an clearnet connection suggestion blockchain shared send blockchain shared send bitcoinfog will update this as we get more input and specific questions . can you purchase btc through electrum can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous . can you purchase btc through electrum can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous . ok have seen this question come up a few times so thought i would write up some thoughts that might help stimulate some conversation safety note if you are a vendor it is probably best advised if you refrain from discussing the particulars of how you handle your coins in general try to avoid mention what software or hardware you use etc walletswhy trust a web service at all you can download a lite client and handle sending and receiving from your own computer note you must configure this to run through tor if you are going to use it for buying droooogs code select can you purchase btc through electrum not again can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon online blockchain if you need a wallet on the fly then you could set up a brand new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email address and it can be one time use only on opsec for online wallets if using them to purchase controlled substances always access them through tor never link your real life identity to these services ie register with an email that is linked to your irl identity if you logon to it not through tor this means your in physical location is linked to that wallet abandon it immediately never logon again and create new wallet start a new wallet for each transaction you dont need to use an email at all what to do if you bought btc with your credit card across an clearnet connection suggestion blockchain shared send blockchain shared send bitcoinfog will update this as we get more input and specific questions . great idea im under the impression that if i have coins totally unlike to me and i use a blockchain wallet only ever logging on through tor then i am quite safe to send the coins to the vendor but for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful . quote from stormtrooperdan on february pmwhat would be the safest most anonymity to send vendors coins is it safe to just do it directly with an online wallet like coinbase this really depends on how you purchased the coins assume a vendor is busted and their computers seized the feds are looking through their etc transactions can the btc that you sent to them be linked to your real identity in any way if yes then use a tumbling service like fog if no you bought the coins for cash from someone who doesnt know you then youre probably fine jorie plan for the worst and hope for the best . what btc fee do you suggest using for sending btc the electrum default seems to be but i can change it thanks . thanks jor that clears things up for me a bit my coins are never linked to me so i can rest easy resistancewithoutfighting has made a thread about this topic maybe it would be nice to compile some information in one place and then have it stickied . quote from stormtrooperdan on february pm can you purchase btc through electrum not afaikquote can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs quote if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon . quote from stormtrooperdan on february pm can you purchase btc through electrum not afaikquote can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs quote if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon . quote from stormtrooperdan on february pm can you purchase btc through electrum not afaikquote can you explain why electrum would be anonymous compared to coinbase online wallet it is a client side wallet ie it lives on your computer therefore as long as your ensure it is configured to run through tor it means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing to logon to an online wallet this comes with its own ramifications one consideration is that when you start a blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction as having been through tor can we ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having a bitin wallet on your computer means that you have total control over your btc this has its ups and downs quote if i were to send btcs from an online wallet to my electric wallet would it still be anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto a service that is connected to your btc over a learned connection therefore associating your ip to those coins this is a bit simplistic but you get the idea if they were anonymous to begin with and you have electric setup to only run through tor then they will remain anon . quote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive . quote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive . quote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive . whats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog . whats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog . whats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog . i believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain info . quote from cerver on february pmquote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive i also think that bitcoinfog requires a maximum deposit of btc which isnt that much if youre placing a big order but should be kept in mind nonetheless . quote from cerver on february pmquote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive i also think that bitcoinfog requires a maximum deposit of btc which isnt that much if youre placing a big order but should be kept in mind nonetheless . i believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain info . quote from cerver on february pmquote from oldisgold on february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog i would say that bitcoinfog is the best blockchain info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good if youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive i also think that bitcoinfog requires a maximum deposit of btc which isnt that much if youre placing a big order but should be kept in mind nonetheless . i believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain info . works fine for one to one transactions there is no confirmation delay for transactions involving many addresses like consolidation transactions you may need to pay or even the blond wig it client conveniently informs you of this . sorry if this is a noon question but is it safe to access electrum org through tor i have coin poss linked to my identity that i want to tumble around but would like to avoid fog if possible just because it seems sketch to me however if there is no other safe option i will use fog any way i could send them from a wallet current linked to my id to another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then to my vendor of choice hehe idk any advice is truly appreciated peace mrs bb . sorry if this is a noon question but is it safe to access electrum org through tor i have coin poss linked to my identity that i want to tumble around but would like to avoid fog if possible just because it seems sketch to me however if there is no other safe option i will use fog any way i could send them from a wallet current linked to my id to another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then to my vendor of choice hehe idk any advice is truly appreciated peace mrs bb . sorry if this is a noon question but is it safe to access electrum org through tor i have coin poss linked to my identity that i want to tumble around but would like to avoid fog if possible just because it seems sketch to me however if there is no other safe option i will use fog any way i could send them from a wallet current linked to my id to another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then to my vendor of choice hehe idk any advice is truly appreciated peace mrs bb . bitcoinfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals to show would recommend staying away for now what is the alternative . blond wigfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals to show would recommend staying away for now what is the alternative . blond wigfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals to show would recommend staying away for now what is the alternative . blond wig fog is taking a very long time to do deposits and withdrawals is there any other service or way to tumble coins that is worth it . i have not been able to successfully use blockchain from tails i can create an account but when i go to log in the username and password fields never load is this an issue with javascript or something maybe someone could tell me how to adjust my settings to allow this . i have not been able to successfully use blockchain from tails i can create an account but when i go to log in the username and password fields never load is this an issue with javascript or something maybe someone could tell me how to adjust my settings to allow this . quote from dancingbear on march amblond wig fog is taking a very long time to do deposits and withdrawals is there any other service or way to tumble coins that is worth it i too would like to know this i used to have confidence in fog but the recent events make me very nervous to push any saleable amount of coin through their service . i have not been able to successfully use blockchain from tails i can create an account but when i go to log in the username and password fields never load is this an issue with javascript or something maybe someone could tell me how to adjust my settings to allow this . i just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy its called bitblender and it looks promising this is not an endorsement i dont know the owners of this site and i do not vouch for them use at your own risk is a thread over at the sr forums where the owner of the site introduced the service the thread began as a review of another service bitlaunder that appears to be either really clumsy or a swam im really digging this forms functionality . i just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy its called bitblender and it looks promising this is not an endorsement i dont know the owners of this site and i do not vouch for them use at your own risk is a thread over at the sr forums where the owner of the site introduced the service the thread began as a review of another service bitlaunder that appears to be either really clumsy or a swam im really digging this forms functionality . is tor that effective when it comes to wallets and anonymity to my understanding tor only disguises the activity youre doing but anyone whos eavesdropping at the exit node can get my ip pretty easily so if i use tor for my electric wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but le can always know it by watching the exit nodes could it really be haha i guess im too paranoid quote from crepuscular on february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful btw i second this i think about new tumbling methods since btcfog at least according to what i read on reddit is lately being sketch as fuck . i just used bitcoin blender for a small amount of coin under and it worked the whole process took under an hour . i just used bitcoin blender for a small amount of coin under and it worked the whole process took under an hour . i just used bitcoin blender for a small amount of coin under and it worked the whole process took under an hour . is tor that effective when it comes to wallets and anonymity to my understanding tor only disguises the activity youre doing but anyone whos eavesdropping at the exit node can get my ip pretty easily so if i use tor for my electric wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but le can always know it by watching the exit nodes could it really be haha i guess im too paranoid quote from crepuscular on february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful btw i second this i think about new tumbling methods since btcfog at least according to what i read on reddit is lately being sketch as fuck . i just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy its called bitblender and it looks promising this is not an endorsement i dont know the owners of this site and i do not vouch for them use at your own risk is a thread over at the sr forums where the owner of the site introduced the service the thread began as a review of another service bitlaunder that appears to be either really clumsy or a swam im really digging this forms functionality . is tor that effective when it comes to wallets and anonymity to my understanding tor only disguises the activity youre doing but anyone whos eavesdropping at the exit node can get my ip pretty easily so if i use tor for my electric wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but le can always know it by watching the exit nodes could it really be haha i guess im too paranoid quote from crepuscular on february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlike to them maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc would be helpful btw i second this i think about new tumbling methods since btcfog at least according to what i read on reddit is lately being sketch as fuck . just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results lets hope this works seems like everything is going smoothly so far peace mrs bb . just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results lets hope this works seems like everything is going smoothly so far peace mrs bb . just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results lets hope this works seems like everything is going smoothly so far peace mrs bb . thanks for sending me this mate . thanks for sending me this mate . thanks as well . thanks as well . thanks for sending me this mate . thanks as well . thanks as well . thanks for sending me this mate . thanks for sending me this mate . thanks as well . blond wig blender seems let for now . appreciated . appreciated . appreciated . appreciated . appreciated . to op and the kind soul who pm d me . is there any way to have this enabled by default . to op and the kind soul who pmd me . to op and the kind soul who pmd me . is there any way to have this enabled by default . to op and the kind soul who pmd me . is there any way to have this enabled by default . is there any way to have this enabled by default . to op and the kind soul who pm d me . is there any way to have this enabled by default . well it would be best to customize the forum to set it off by default yeah but a quick simple workaround in the mean time would be to just run this query every so often to shut it off for everybody all at once plate smf members set show online this could be done from a cron job to run every minutes a la someuser mysql u sqlusername ppassword dbname e plate of members set show online . well it would be best to customize the forum to set it off by default yeah but a quick simple workaround in the mean time would be to just run this query every so often to shut it off for everybody all at once plate smf members set show online this could be done from a cron job to run every minutes a la someuser mysql u sqlusername ppassword dbname e plate of members set show online . thank you . thank you . well it would be best to customize the forum to set it off by default yeah but a quick simple workaround in the mean time would be to just run this query every so often to shut it off for everybody all at once plate smf members set show online this could be done from a cron job to run every minutes a la someuser mysql u sqlusername ppassword dbname e plate of members set show online . thank you . well it would be best to customize the forum to set it off by default yeah but a quick simple workaround in the mean time would be to just run this query every so often to shut it off for everybody all at once plate smf members set show online this could be done from a cron job to run every minutes a la someuser mysql u sqlusername ppassword dbname e plate of members set show online . well it would be best to customize the forum to set it off by default yeah but a quick simple workaround in the mean time would be to just run this query every so often to shut it off for everybody all at once plate smf members set show online this could be done from a cron job to run every minutes a la someuser mysql u sqlusername ppassword dbname e plate of members set show online . thank you . thank you . yes yes thank you much my brotha . ok i quit being lazy for a second and just looked up how to default this off for all new members this just tested out successfully for a new user on a test forum edit the file sources register phparound line right above registration options are always default options add this regoptions extra register vars show online it already knew that was a potential possible registration option so maybe theres a simpler way to do it but it works so that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want to run that query to disable it for all existing users just once plate smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix is if not smf i try to forget how horrible php is so hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes it took to check this out wasnt in vain . yes yes thank you much my brotha . yes yes thank you much my brotha . ok i quit being lazy for a second and just looked up how to default this off for all new members this just tested out successfully for a new user on a test forum edit the file sources register phparound line right above registration options are always default options add this regoptions extra register vars show online it already knew that was a potential possible registration option so maybe there s a simpler way to do it but it works so that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want to run that query to disable it for all existing users just once plate smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix is if not smf i try to forget how horrible php is so hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes it took to check this out wasn t in vain . yes yes thank you much my brotha . yes yes thank you much my brotha . ok i quit being lazy for a second and just looked up how to default this off for all new members this just tested out successfully for a new user on a test forum edit the file sources register phparound line right above registration options are always default options add this regoptions extra register vars show online it already knew that was a potential possible registration option so maybe there s a simpler way to do it but it works so that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want to run that query to disable it for all existing users just once plate smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix is if not smf i try to forget how horrible php is so hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes it took to check this out wasn t in vain . ok i quit being lazy for a second and just looked up how to default this off for all new members this just tested out successfully for a new user on a test forum edit the file sources register phparound line right above registration options are always default options add this regoptions extra register vars show online it already knew that was a potential possible registration option so maybe theres a simpler way to do it but it works so that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want to run that query to disable it for all existing users just once plate smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix is if not smf i try to forget how horrible php is so hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes it took to check this out wasnt in vain . ok i quit being lazy for a second and just looked up how to default this off for all new members this just tested out successfully for a new user on a test forum edit the file sources register phparound line right above registration options are always default options add this regoptions extra register vars show online it already knew that was a potential possible registration option so maybe theres a simpler way to do it but it works so that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want to run that query to disable it for all existing users just once plate smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix is if not smf i try to forget how horrible php is so hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes it took to check this out wasnt in vain . good looking out thanks . good looking out thanks . good looking out thanks . good looking out thanks . good looking out thanks . how do you link your pgp key in your profile sig . how do you link your pgp key in your profile sig . how do you link your pgp key in your profile sig . how do you link your pgp key in your profile sig . how do you link your pgp key in your profile sig . quote from janesmith on may pmhow do you link your pgp key in your profile sig looks like you got it . quote from janesmith on may pmhow do you link your pgp key in your profile sig looks like you got it . quote from janesmith on may pmhow do you link your pgp key in your profile sig looks like you got it . quote from janesmith on may pmhow do you link your pgp key in your profile sig looks like you got it . quote from janesmith on may pmhow do you link your pgp key in your profile sig looks like you got it . done thanks for the heads up . done thanks for the heads up . done thanks for the heads up . done thanks for the heads up . done thanks for the heads up . they still haven t made this the default setting any reasoning behind that . they still havent made this the default setting any reasoning behind that . they still havent made this the default setting any reasoning behind that . they still haven t made this the default setting any reasoning behind that . they still havent made this the default setting any reasoning behind that . agora dos currentlyabout escrow only biggest market right now battleing dos middle earth market dos most trusted of new escrow markets blankbank upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow free vendor accounts to verified vendors mr nicely upabout unknown escrow onlyup but has issues nucleus dosabout new escrow only market excessive shelling scaming . agora dos currentlyabout escrow only biggest market right now battleing dos middle earth market dos most trusted of new escrow markets blankbank upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow free vendor accounts to verified vendors mr nicely upabout unknown escrow onlyup but has issues nucleus dosabout new escrow only market excessive shelling scaming . agora dos currentlyabout escrow only biggest market right now battleing dos middle earth market dos most trusted of new escrow markets blankbank upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow free vendor accounts to verified vendors mr nicely upabout unknown escrow onlyup but has issues nucleus dosabout new escrow only market excessive shelling scaming . agora dos currentlyabout escrow only biggest market right now battleing dos middle earth market dos most trusted of new escrow markets blankbank upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow free vendor accounts to verified vendors mr nicely upabout unknown escrow onlyup but has issues nucleus dosabout new escrow only market excessive shelling scaming . agora dos currentlyabout escrow only biggest market right now battleing dos middle earth market dos most trusted of new escrow markets blankbank upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow free vendor accounts to verified vendors mr nicely upabout unknown escrow onlyup but has issues nucleus dosabout new escrow only market excessive shelling scaming . ooh ooh i have elegant information so far as i am aware at the moment there are current up markets not counting agora in addition to the ones you ve listed outlaw market we love avengers drug market and abraham give got links to register for all of them on my blog which you can find the link for l l l down vtherev . ooh ooh i have elegant information so far as i am aware at the moment there are current up markets not counting agora in addition to the ones you listed outlaw market dream market drug market and abraham give got links to register for all of them on my blog which you can find the link for l l l down vtherev . ooh ooh i have elegant information so far as i am aware at the moment there are current up markets not counting agora in addition to the ones you ve listed outlaw market we love avengers drug market and abraham give got links to register for all of them on my blog which you can find the link for l l l down vtherev . ooh ooh i have elegant information so far as i am aware at the moment there are current up markets not counting agora in addition to the ones you listed outlaw market dream market drug market and abraham give got links to register for all of them on my blog which you can find the link for l l l down vtherev . ooh ooh i have elegant information so far as i am aware at the moment there are current up markets not counting agora in addition to the ones you listed outlaw market dream market drug market and abraham give got links to register for all of them on my blog which you can find the link for l l l down vtherev . check this link should get you all the information you need . check this link should get you all the information you need . love avengers com dark net market comparison chart love avengers com dated llist of hidden marketplaces tor i p just check this link should get you all the information you need . love avengers com dark net market comparison chart love avengers com dated llist of hidden marketplaces tor i p just check this link should get you all the information you need . check this link should get you all the information you need . quote from unclean on april pmwhats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second uri thats the former url thats no longer being used the new one is agorahooawayyfoe onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due to heartbleed ssl bug . whats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url . whats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url . quote from unclean on april pmwhats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second uri thats the former url thats no longer being used the new one is agorahooawayyfoe onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due to heartbleed ssl bug . whats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url . quote from unclean on april pmwhat s up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url that s the former url that s no longer being used the new one is agorahooawayyfoe onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due to heartbleed sal bug love avengers com agra marketplace changes url due heartbleed ssl bug . what s up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url . quote from unclean on april pmwhats up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second uri thats the former url thats no longer being used the new one is agorahooawayyfoe onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due to heartbleed ssl bug . quote from unclean on april pmwhat s up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url that s the former url that s no longer being used the new one is agorahooawayyfoe onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due to heartbleed sal bug love avengers com agra marketplace changes url due heartbleed ssl bug . what s up with that agra link is that a pishing link or did they just add a second url . op dated with latest agora link . op dated with latest agora link . op dated with latest agora link . op dated with latest agora link . op dated with latest agora link . someone mentioned this one before and so i post here supposed mufti sig only which is promising . someone mentioned this one before and so i post here supposed mufti sig only which is promising . someone mentioned this one before and so i post here supposed mufti sig only which is promising . someone mentioned this one before and so i post here supposed mufti sig only which is promising . someone mentioned this one before and so i post here supposed mufti sig only which is promising . we love avengers we love avengers affiliate pip aff invite link to join time abraham abraxasdegupusel onion register kznsmq va invite link to join time agora agorahooawayyfoe onion register yp jeoacz invite link to join time blackbank wztyb vlfcw l xd onion time bloomsfield spr udtjiegxevzt onion time crypto market cryptomktgxdn zd onion uptime we love avengers ltxocqh nvwkofil onion time east india company time french dark net s ws u sj g um onion time gotmilk pharmacy bkn o ffp p a onion time havana havana cofejesta onion time haven havenpghmfqhivfn onion time honestbutt plugs honestcqcmljqczq onion time idc qrdpvonwwqnic j onion time kiss kissmpg zave f onion time london underground lustorecibkvrjhj onion time middle earth marketplace mango u rivtwxy onion time nucleus market nucleus izq o onion time outlaw market outer jwcztwbpd onion time oxygen o oxycuvnwxhv e onion time ramp ramp bombkadwvgz onion time rutor xuytcbrwbxbxwnbu onion time silkkitien silkkitiehdg mug onion uptime the hub thehub gqe miyc onion uptime the majestic garden bm rwk m u rec onion time therealdeal trdealmgn um g onion time tochka tochka evlj side onion time republic market no ranerted not onion time tornado tornadoputkhrvfq onion uptime . alphabet pwoah foa au pul onion affiliate php aff invite link to join time abraham abraxasdegupusel onion register kznsmq va invite link to join time agora agorahooawayyfoe onion register yp jeoacz invite link to join time blackbank wztyb vlfcw l xd onion time bloomsfield spr udtjiegxevzt onion time crypto market cryptomktgxdn zd onion time dream market ltxocqh nvwkofil onion time east india company time french dark net s ws u sj g um onion time gotmilk pharmacy bkn o ffp p a onion time havana havana cofejesta onion time haven havenpghmfqhivfn onion time honestbutt plugs honestcqcmljqczq onion time idc qrdpvonwwqnic j onion time kiss kissmpg zave f onion time london underground lustorecibkvrjhj onion time middle earth marketplace mango u rivtwxy onion time nucleus market nucleus izq o onion time outlaw market outer jwcztwbpd onion time oxygen o oxycuvnwxhv e onion time ramp ramp bombkadwvgz onion time rutor xuytcbrwbxbxwnbu onion time silkkitien silkkitiehdg mug onion uptime the hub thehub gqe miyc onion uptime the majestic garden bm rwk m u rec onion time therealdeal trdealmgn um g onion time tochka tochka evlj side onion time republic market no ranerted not onion time tornado tornadoputkhrvfq onion uptime . alphabet pwoah foa au pul onion affiliate php aff invite link to join time abraham abraxasdegupusel onion register kznsmq va invite link to join time agora agorahooawayyfoe onion register yp jeoacz invite link to join time blackbank wztyb vlfcw l xd onion time bloomsfield spr udtjiegxevzt onion time crypto market cryptomktgxdn zd onion time dream market ltxocqh nvwkofil onion time east india company time french dark net s ws u sj g um onion time gotmilk pharmacy bkn o ffp p a onion time havana havana cofejesta onion time haven havenpghmfqhivfn onion time honestbutt plugs honestcqcmljqczq onion time idc qrdpvonwwqnic j onion time kiss kissmpg zave f onion time london underground lustorecibkvrjhj onion time middle earth marketplace mango u rivtwxy onion time nucleus market nucleus izq o onion time outlaw market outer jwcztwbpd onion time oxygen o oxycuvnwxhv e onion time ramp ramp bombkadwvgz onion time rutor xuytcbrwbxbxwnbu onion time silkkitien silkkitiehdg mug onion uptime the hub thehub gqe miyc onion uptime the majestic garden bm rwk m u rec onion time therealdeal trdealmgn um g onion time tochka tochka evlj side onion time republic market no ranerted not onion time tornado tornadoputkhrvfq onion uptime . alphabet pwoah foa au pul onion affiliate php aff invite link to join time abraham abraxasdegupusel onion register kznsmq va invite link to join time agora agorahooawayyfoe onion register yp jeoacz invite link to join time blackbank wztyb vlfcw l xd onion time bloomsfield spr udtjiegxevzt onion time crypto market cryptomktgxdn zd onion time dream market ltxocqh nvwkofil onion time east india company time french dark net s ws u sj g um onion time gotmilk pharmacy bkn o ffp p a onion time havana havana cofejesta onion time haven havenpghmfqhivfn onion time honestbutt plugs honestcqcmljqczq onion time idc qrdpvonwwqnic j onion time kiss kissmpg zave f onion time london underground lustorecibkvrjhj onion time middle earth marketplace mango u rivtwxy onion time nucleus market nucleus izq o onion time outlaw market outer jwcztwbpd onion time oxygen o oxycuvnwxhv e onion time ramp ramp bombkadwvgz onion time rutor xuytcbrwbxbxwnbu onion time silkkitien silkkitiehdg mug onion uptime the hub thehub gqe miyc onion uptime the majestic garden bm rwk m u rec onion time therealdeal trdealmgn um g onion time tochka tochka evlj side onion time republic market no ranerted not onion time tornado tornadoputkhrvfq onion uptime . we love avengers we love avengers affiliate pip aff invite link to join time abraham abraxasdegupusel onion register kznsmq va invite link to join time agora agorahooawayyfoe onion register yp jeoacz invite link to join time blackbank wztyb vlfcw l xd onion time bloomsfield spr udtjiegxevzt onion time crypto market cryptomktgxdn zd onion uptime we love avengers ltxocqh nvwkofil onion time east india company time french dark net s ws u sj g um onion time gotmilk pharmacy bkn o ffp p a onion time havana havana cofejesta onion time haven havenpghmfqhivfn onion time honestbutt plugs honestcqcmljqczq onion time idc qrdpvonwwqnic j onion time kiss kissmpg zave f onion time london underground lustorecibkvrjhj onion time middle earth marketplace mango u rivtwxy onion time nucleus market nucleus izq o onion time outlaw market outer jwcztwbpd onion time oxygen o oxycuvnwxhv e onion time ramp ramp bombkadwvgz onion time rutor xuytcbrwbxbxwnbu onion time silkkitien silkkitiehdg mug onion uptime the hub thehub gqe miyc onion uptime the majestic garden bm rwk m u rec onion time therealdeal trdealmgn um g onion time tochka tochka evlj side onion time republic market no ranerted not onion time tornado tornadoputkhrvfq onion uptime . chill out you re blaming a means of communication for the people that use it it is the biggest place to discuss things related to the markets and with popularity you have to deal with some idiots tmg is also tormented towards psychs so you don t get a lot of posts written by someone who is on the fourth day of their meth binge . oh plenty of other people feel that way for me i never post there and only read threads with upvotes so my view on the place is a bit shewed but there really is some useful stuff there along with plenty of drama obfuscation and outright nonsense expressed much like any forum on this topic you ll find enough of that here too just got ta poke around and in direct proportion to userbase i d imagine at least they have a mechanism for sorting out quality info . maybe i m just wrong and also still new to this dnm shit however what absolutely doesn t make sense to me is that they continue to post on reddit it s in the clear net and just because reddit has a large database doesn t mean they go unaware of the rest of the clear net i just don t find the community comforting and welcoming at all however all communities can be like that so there isn t really any exceptions to be made i just see some dumb ass posts but i can honestly say they did help me get started with my opsec . seriously i m so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit it s because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and i m immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia i m so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time . chill out youre blaming a means of communication for the people that use it it is the biggest place to discuss things related to the markets and with popularity you have to deal with some idiots tmg is also tormented towards psychs so you dont get a lot of posts written by someone who is on the fourth day of their meth binge . oh plenty of other people feel that way for me i never post there and only read threads with upvotes so my view on the place is a bit shewed but there really is some useful stuff there along with plenty of drama obfuscation and outright nonsense expressed much like any forum on this topic youll find enough of that here too just got ta poke around and in direct proportion to userbase in imagine at least they have a mechanism for sorting out quality info . maybe im just wrong and also still new to this dnm shit however what absolutely doesn make sense to me is that they continue to post on reddit its in the clear net and just because reddit has a large database doesnt mean they go unaware of the rest of the clear net i just done find the community comforting and welcoming at all however all communities can be like that so there isn really any exceptions to be made i just see some dumb ass posts but i can honestly say they did help me get started with my opsec . seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time . chill out youre blaming a means of communication for the people that use it it is the biggest place to discuss things related to the markets and with popularity you have to deal with some idiots tmg is also tormented towards psychs so you dont get a lot of posts written by someone who is on the fourth day of their meth binge . seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time . maybe im just wrong and also still new to this dnm shit however what absolutely doesn make sense to me is that they continue to post on reddit its in the clear net and just because reddit has a large database doesnt mean they go unaware of the rest of the clear net i just done find the community comforting and welcoming at all however all communities can be like that so there isn really any exceptions to be made i just see some dumb ass posts but i can honestly say they did help me get started with my opsec . oh plenty of other people feel that way for me i never post there and only read threads with upvotes so my view on the place is a bit shewed but there really is some useful stuff there along with plenty of drama obfuscation and outright nonsense expressed much like any forum on this topic youll find enough of that here too just got ta poke around and in direct proportion to userbase in imagine at least they have a mechanism for sorting out quality info . i read it regularly along with a couple of other subreddits but never ever post why theres too many assholes and wannabes i cant stand the crap people say back and forth the rumor mill etc it does provide decent intel for us to evaluate markets and vendors like helping people correlate exit scams when they are happening now i done think its good for the community its far too public and incorporate conde naste is a gigantic media company they owndozens of magazines newspapers etc they also employ journalists who in my mind have crossed lines in writing stories about peoples personal life they also own wired which wrote the recent article about ross ulbricht prior to his sentencing which made some decent points but left out quite a bit they should have waited until after his may court date to dothat but hey its journalism these conglomerates dominate media and take away from the voices of many by banning many news sites and upvoting lifting stuff fromtheir partner sites voting has been shewed on reddit for a couple years now if you want to know more go to r conspiracy and search what killed reddit andyou will find out much of the info about how incorporate interests gutted the sitesfunctionality also take a look at reddit ceo ellen pao look up her lawsuit against her old employer she is not a nice person and is extremely petty and hurtful to others i dont really care about that because i only read reviews and market fed buttake this into account when you browse reddit with tor no cookies j s off peace and love acid . with subscribers its rich pickings for the shills trolls and fed spreaders but theres also good stuff there . whats the point of a thread like this you need to drop acid more regularly nothing comes from being so negative . i read it regularly along with a couple of other subreddits but never ever post why theres too many assholes and wannabes i can t stand the crap people say back and forth the rumor mill etc it does provide decent intel for us to evaluate markets and vendors like helping people correlate exit scams when they are happening now i don t think its good for the community its far too public and incorporate conde naste is a gigantic media company they owndozens of magazines newspapers etc they also employ journalists who in my mind have crossed lines in writing stories about peoples personal life they also own wired which wrote the recent article about ross ulbricht prior to his sentencing which made some decent points but left out quite a bit they should have waited until after his may court date to dothat but hey its journalism these conglomerates dominate media and take away from the voices of many by banning many news sites and upvoting lifting stuff fromtheir partner sites voting has been shewed on reddit for a couple years now if you want to know more go to r conspiracy and search what killed reddit andyou will find out much of the info about how incorporate interests gutted the sitesfunctionality also take a look at reddit ceo ellen pao look up her lawsuit against her old employer she is not a nice person and is extremely petty and hurtful to others i don t really care about that because i only read reviews and market fed buttake this into account when you browse reddit with tor no cookies j s off peace and love acid . with subscribers it s rich pickings for the shills trolls and fed spreaders but there s also good stuff there . whats the point of a thread like this you need to drop acid more regularly nothing comes from being so negative . whats the point of a thread like this you need to drop acid more regularly nothing comes from being so negative . with subscribers its rich pickings for the shills trolls and fed spreaders but theres also good stuff there . i read it regularly along with a couple of other subreddits but never ever post why theres too many assholes and wannabes i cant stand the crap people say back and forth the rumor mill etc it does provide decent intel for us to evaluate markets and vendors like helping people correlate exit scams when they are happening now i done think its good for the community its far too public and incorporate conde naste is a gigantic media company they owndozens of magazines newspapers etc they also employ journalists who in my mind have crossed lines in writing stories about peoples personal life they also own wired which wrote the recent article about ross ulbricht prior to his sentencing which made some decent points but left out quite a bit they should have waited until after his may court date to dothat but hey its journalism these conglomerates dominate media and take away from the voices of many by banning many news sites and upvoting lifting stuff fromtheir partner sites voting has been shewed on reddit for a couple years now if you want to know more go to r conspiracy and search what killed reddit andyou will find out much of the info about how incorporate interests gutted the sitesfunctionality also take a look at reddit ceo ellen pao look up her lawsuit against her old employer she is not a nice person and is extremely petty and hurtful to others i dont really care about that because i only read reviews and market fed buttake this into account when you browse reddit with tor no cookies j s off peace and love acid . quotedoes anyone else absolutely fucking hate r dnmyes that why we set this place up stay off reddit its bad and not safe . quotedoes anyone else absolutely fucking hate r dnmyes that why we set this place up stay off reddit its bad and not safe . quotedoes anyone else absolutely fucking hate r dnmyes that why we set this place up stay off reddit its bad and not safe . i used to really enjoy dnm and the silkroad subreddit it used to have really useful post and what not now it s become a home for trolls and newbs that don t know how to search it s just like any other subreddit it because a huge circle jerk after a while . i used to really enjoy dnm and the silkroad subreddit it used to have really useful post and what not now its become a home for trolls and newbs that dont know how to search its just like any other subreddit it because a huge circle jerk after a while . i used to really enjoy dnm and the silkroad subreddit it used to have really useful post and what not now its become a home for trolls and newbs that dont know how to search its just like any other subreddit it because a huge circle jerk after a while . while reading r dnm has its ups and downs posting is a big no no for me too high possibility of a abi honeypot i honestly done understand people trying buy drugs over there . while reading r dnm has its ups and downs posting is a big no no for me too high possibility of a abi honeypot i honestly done understand people trying buy drugs over there . while reading r dnm has it s ups and downs posting is a big no no for me too high possibility of a abi honeypot i honestly don t understand people trying buy drugs over there . well without reddit i never would have come across this amazing site with so many kind hearted people so i guess it can t be all bad . well without reddit i never would have come across this amazing site with so many kind hearted people so i guess it cant be all bad . well without reddit i never would have come across this amazing site with so many kind hearted people so i guess it cant be all bad . quote from eyeseeker on may seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others . quote from eyeseeker on may seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others . quote from eyeseeker on may seriously i m so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit it s because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and i m immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia i m so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others . quote from daystep on june pmquote from eyeseeker on may seriously i m so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit it s because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and i m immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia i m so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others sssssnnnaaapppppp . quote from daystep on june pmquote from eyeseeker on may seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others sssssnnnaaapppppp . quote from daystep on june pmquote from eyeseeker on may seriously im so glad i can come to this community and talk to people and vendors directly without obscure ass answers and other bullshit its because i can get the drugs when the vendor replies and be on my way unlike le reddit where i go and ask a sucking question with a throwaway and im immediately called a paid advertiser or le like really luck off with your paranoia im so glad i found this place and will never assoicate myself with reddit again waste of fucking time yet you directly contradict your own words by bringing that same nonsense here to tmg acting paranoid disrespecting ootp and jeopardizing the security of others sssssnnnaaapppppp . which are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time . which are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time . which are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time . which are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time . which are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time . after reading what most of redditors had to say i actually felt number as if their shear stupidity had somehow rubbed off on me and killed what brain cells i had left i especially enjoy the terrible misinformation they pass off on each other as if they are ingenious and have this whole game figured out which in itself is almost laughable because it couldn t be further from the truth the drugs reseller posts and acting like a badass talking about their bulk shipments of a whipping gs of ecstasy from sum canuck they met online as if their involvement with drugs somehow validates them . after reading what most of redditors had to say i actually felt number as if their shear stupidity had somehow rubbed off on me and killed what brain cells i had left i especially enjoy the terrible misinformation they pass off on each other as if they are ingenious and have this whole game figured out which in itself is almost laughable because it couldnt be further from the truth the drugs reseller posts and acting like a badass talking about their bulk shipments of a whipping gs of ecstasy from sum canuck they met online as if their involvement with drugs somehow validates them . after reading what most of redditors had to say i actually felt number as if their shear stupidity had somehow rubbed off on me and killed what brain cells i had left i especially enjoy the terrible misinformation they pass off on each other as if they are ingenious and have this whole game figured out which in itself is almost laughable because it couldnt be further from the truth the drugs reseller posts and acting like a badass talking about their bulk shipments of a whipping gs of ecstasy from sum canuck they met online as if their involvement with drugs somehow validates them . it s all just apart of our ecosystem friends there is no good or bad the only thing that is real is your perception of the experience you are reading this because our life paths have crossed at a point at least this point the same is true for members of other communities without other communities transmitting their energy we would not perceive this one with with the value we do we are all working together it s all just a big dance thank you all for making this hub one that i enjoy visiting . its all just apart of our ecosystem friends there is no good or bad the only thing that is real is your perception of the experience you are reading this because our life paths have crossed at a point at least this point the same is true for members of other communities without other communities transmitting their energy we would not perceive this one with with the value we do we are all working together its all just a big dance thank you all for making this hub one that i enjoy visiting . its all just apart of our ecosystem friends there is no good or bad the only thing that is real is your perception of the experience you are reading this because our life paths have crossed at a point at least this point the same is true for members of other communities without other communities transmitting their energy we would not perceive this one with with the value we do we are all working together its all just a big dance thank you all for making this hub one that i enjoy visiting . quote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio . quote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio . quote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio . quote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio . quote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio . nice post snacktime will stay on agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers st . quote from dolmio on july amquote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release . nice post snacktime will stay on agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers st . quote from dolmio on july amquote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release . quote from dolmio on july amquote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release . quote from dolmio on july amquote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release . quote from dolmio on july amquote from rasputin on june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular of the markets at this time agora is the biggest and best look no futher agora has it all cheers dolmio error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release . nice post snacktime will stay on agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers st . nice post snacktime will stay on agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers st . nice post snacktime will stay on agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers st . deposits and withdrawls are very slow at agra atm cheers dolmio . anyone else not able to get on agora right now cheers st . anyone else not able to get on agora right now cheers st . deposits and withdrawls are very slow at agra atm cheers dolmio . anyone else not able to get on agora right now cheers st . it s not even possible to log in atm because there is no captcha what s that all about . deposits and withdrawls are very slow at agra atm cheers dolmio . deposits and withdrawls are very slow at agra atm cheers dolmio . anyone else not able to get on agora right now cheers st . it s not even possible to log in atm because there is no captcha what s that all about . its not even possible to log in atm because there is no captcha whats that all about . its not even possible to log in atm because there is no captcha whats that all about . deposits and withdrawls are very slow at agra atm cheers dolmio . anyone else not able to get on agora right now cheers st . its not even possible to log in atm because there is no captcha whats that all about . 