it s normal and it s because we re using tor so we share the node ip address don t sweat it it has always been thus well at least since i started hanging around these dark recesses of the web a fair few years ago . its normal and its because were using tor so we share the node ip address dont sweat it it has always been thus well at least since i started hanging around these dark recesses of the web a fair few years ago . hey admins or anyone with a lot of experience with the forum i tried to send a message briefly after my login i got a message saying that i had sent a message from this in seconds ago am using tails right now but not always just for sensitive operationsis this a common occurance i most certainly did not try to send a message before that any information as if this is just a a normal glitch or ah please let me know thanks abidan . hey admins or anyone with a lot of experience with the forum i tried to send a message briefly after my login i got a message saying that i had sent a message from this in seconds ago am using tails right now but not always just for sensitive operationsis this a common occurance i most certainly did not try to send a message before that any information as if this is just a a normal glitch or ah please let me know thanks abidan . its normal and its because were using tor so we share the node ip address dont sweat it it has always been thus well at least since i started hanging around these dark recesses of the web a fair few years ago . hey admins or anyone with a lot of experience with the forum i tried to send a message briefly after my login i got a message saying that i had sent a message from this in seconds ago am using tails right now but not always just for sensitive operationsis this a common occurance i most certainly did not try to send a message before that any information as if this is just a a normal glitch or ah please let me know thanks abidan . hey admins or anyone with a lot of experience with the forum i tried to send a message briefly after my login i got a message saying that i had sent a message from this in seconds ago am using tails right now but not always just for sensitive operationsis this a common occurance i most certainly did not try to send a message before that any information as if this is just a a normal glitch or ah please let me know thanks abidan . it s normal and it s because we re using tor so we share the node ip address don t sweat it it has always been thus well at least since i started hanging around these dark recesses of the web a fair few years ago . hey admins or anyone with a lot of experience with the forum i tried to send a message briefly after my login i got a message saying that i had sent a message from this in seconds ago am using tails right now but not always just for sensitive operationsis this a common occurance i most certainly did not try to send a message before that any information as if this is just a a normal glitch or ah please let me know thanks abidan . its normal and its because were using tor so we share the node ip address dont sweat it it has always been thus well at least since i started hanging around these dark recesses of the web a fair few years ago . not worried about it myself im just wondering if anyone has ever tested nbome that they were sold as come im worried about the legitimacy of the tests and think that maybe they are not telling the truth so to speak . and like actually wanted the results to be come how can we be sure these test kits arent lying to us ec i ate all my tabs . how big were the tabs . how big were the tabs . not worried about it myself im just wondering if anyone has ever tested nbome that they were sold as come im worried about the legitimacy of the tests and think that maybe they are not telling the truth so to speak . and like actually wanted the results to be come how can we be sure these test kits arent lying to us ec i ate all my tabs . why do you think anyone is gon na lie something is come when they are rather cheap i guess him asking how big are the blotters has to do with come being in thousands of mcg of course which doesnt require bigger blotter every time but still it could be usually comes in hcl cause pink coloration on the paper is something i know . i dont think its even worth the reagent to test for comes just check them out they are quite neurotic even though people bring up reports which dont sufficiently conclude this give seen people get addicted to that shit and its is nobody business tripping on them . why do you think anyone is gon na lie something is come when they are rather cheap i guess him asking how big are the blotters has to do with come being in thousands of mcg of course which doesnt require bigger blotter every time but still it could be usually comes in hcl cause pink coloration on the paper is something i know . i dont think its even worth the reagent to test for comes just check them out they are quite neurotic even though people bring up reports which dont sufficiently conclude this give seen people get addicted to that shit and its is nobody business tripping on them . quote from srikrishna on january pmi dont think its even worth the reagent to test for comes just check them out they are quite neurotic even though people bring up reports which dont sufficiently conclude this give seen people get addicted to that shit and its is nobody business tripping on heman evidence to back these statements up that isn anecdote it was my understanding that the full effects on the body from nbomes was unknown because they are relatively new drugs with little testing and research done on them . they arent well studied but i have seen people have horrible reactions physical not a bad trip on as little as mg there are also numerous hospitalizations and deaths where the only drug used was x . quote from srikrishna on january pmi dont think its even worth the reagent to test for comes just check them out they are quite neurotic even though people bring up reports which dont sufficiently conclude this give seen people get addicted to that shit and its is nobody business tripping on heman evidence to back these statements up that isn anecdote it was my understanding that the full effects on the body from nbomes was unknown because they are relatively new drugs with little testing and research done on them . they arent well studied but i have seen people have horrible reactions physical not a bad trip on as little as mg there are also numerous hospitalizations and deaths where the only drug used was x . quote from dafunkfuzz on january amthey arent well studied but i have seen people have horrible reactions physical not a bad trip on as little as mg there are also numerous hospitalizations and deaths where the only drug used was x i wasnt doubting this as i have seen some people have bad reactions too i was more curious about the supposed neurotoxicity and addiction to them . quote from dafunkfuzz on january amthey arent well studied but i have seen people have horrible reactions physical not a bad trip on as little as mg there are also numerous hospitalizations and deaths where the only drug used was x i wasnt doubting this as i have seen some people have bad reactions too i was more curious about the supposed neurotoxicity and addiction to them . quote from acidman on january amnot worried about it myself im just wondering if anyone has ever tested nbome that they were sold as come im worried about the legitimacy of the tests and think that maybe they are not telling the truth so to speak that never happened but once got sold come as lsd . quote from acidman on january amnot worried about it myself im just wondering if anyone has ever tested nbome that they were sold as come im worried about the legitimacy of the tests and think that maybe they are not telling the truth so to speak that never happened but once got sold come as lsd . it is common to fuck up the come chemicals there are several cases where a i turned out to be b and so on even the best vendors are prone to making these mistakes because it is a cheap compound and not much are bothered with safety accuracy while laying this . it is common to fuck up the come chemicals there are several cases where a i turned out to be b and so on even the best vendors are prone to making these mistakes because it is a cheap compound and not much are bothered with safety accuracy while laying this . from what i remember reading on webs nbome does not have an effect if you swallow immediately no holding on the tongue can someone with more knowledge confirm it . from what i remember reading on webs nbome does not have an effect if you swallow immediately no holding on the tongue can someone with more knowledge confirm it . 