welcome . welcome . first of all i hope this is in the right spot if not please let me know and i ll move it or remove it just wanted to drop in and say hi to everyone i made an account here a while back and i don t recall introducing myself not much to say about me just a normal guy that enjoys the occasional both in social settings and on my own in order to reflect on my life and make certain decisions that i would otherwise have a difficult time making this community seems so much better than some of the other places i ve been to and everyone seems so welcoming and just cool in general i haven t been on in a while but i mostly lurk and try to absorb as much information as possible i wanted to say thank you to the community for not making registration a big deal and allowing people like me to just drop in and feel like they re hanging out with like minded people unfortunately with the job i do there aren t too many people i can talk to about these types of things irl without fear of it getting back to management and losing the job i m going to try to pop on at least once a day and see how everything is going anyway thanks again and hello to everyone don piano . first of all i hope this is in the right spot if not please let me know and ill move it or remove it just wanted to drop in and say hi to everyone i made an account here a while back and i dont recall introducing myself not much to say about me just a normal guy that enjoys the occasional both in social settings and on my own in order to reflect on my life and make certain decisions that i would otherwise have a difficult time making this community seems so much better than some of the other places ive been to and everyone seems so welcoming and just cool in general i havent been on in a while but i mostly lurk and try to absorb as much information as possible i wanted to say thank you to the community for not making registration a big deal and allowing people like me to just drop in and feel like theyre hanging out with like minded people unfortunately with the job i do there arent too many people i can talk to about these types of things irl without fear of it getting back to management and losing the job im going to try to pop on at least once a day and see how everything is going anyway thanks again and hello to everyone don piano . welcome . first of all i hope this is in the right spot if not please let me know and ill move it or remove it just wanted to drop in and say hi to everyone i made an account here a while back and i dont recall introducing myself not much to say about me just a normal guy that enjoys the occasional both in social settings and on my own in order to reflect on my life and make certain decisions that i would otherwise have a difficult time making this community seems so much better than some of the other places ive been to and everyone seems so welcoming and just cool in general i havent been on in a while but i mostly lurk and try to absorb as much information as possible i wanted to say thank you to the community for not making registration a big deal and allowing people like me to just drop in and feel like theyre hanging out with like minded people unfortunately with the job i do there arent too many people i can talk to about these types of things irl without fear of it getting back to management and losing the job im going to try to pop on at least once a day and see how everything is going anyway thanks again and hello to everyone don piano . first of all i hope this is in the right spot if not please let me know and ill move it or remove it just wanted to drop in and say hi to everyone i made an account here a while back and i dont recall introducing myself not much to say about me just a normal guy that enjoys the occasional both in social settings and on my own in order to reflect on my life and make certain decisions that i would otherwise have a difficult time making this community seems so much better than some of the other places ive been to and everyone seems so welcoming and just cool in general i havent been on in a while but i mostly lurk and try to absorb as much information as possible i wanted to say thank you to the community for not making registration a big deal and allowing people like me to just drop in and feel like theyre hanging out with like minded people unfortunately with the job i do there arent too many people i can talk to about these types of things irl without fear of it getting back to management and losing the job im going to try to pop on at least once a day and see how everything is going anyway thanks again and hello to everyone don piano . welcome . welcome im also new here i thought i registered months back turns out i didnt till now howdy lolcheers dolmio . welcome im also new here i thought i registered months back turns out i didnt till now howdy lolcheers dolmio . welcome im also new here i thought i registered months back turns out i didnt till now howdy lolcheers dolmio . welcome im also new here i thought i registered months back turns out i didnt till now howdy lolcheers dolmio . hi and welcome im also new . hi and welcome im also new . hi and welcome i m also new . hi and welcome im also new . thanks for taking the time to say hello guys nice to meet you . thanks for taking the time to say hello guys nice to meet you . thanks for taking the time to say hello guys nice to meet you . thanks for taking the time to say hello guys nice to meet you . workig fine for me maybe try creating a new tor identity . working for me now too gamesome . having trouble logging into it can t load the page is anyone else having issues with his site at this time one other user mentioned problems but i haven t seen anyone else say anything gamma you out there would love to hear from you don piano . workig fine for me maybe try creating a new tor identity . working for me now too gamesome . having trouble logging into it cant load the page is anyone else having issues with his site at this time one other user mentioned problems but i havent seen anyone else say anything gamma you out there would love to hear from you don piano . just wondering if this idea has ever been tossed around the hub has one and i enjoy hanging out there from time to time i think in enjoy hanging out on a tmg serve even more i personally think it would be gamesome to chat with you guys a bit more regularly . i agree that realtime chat with the happy hippie people of tmg would be gamesome give run an ira onion server before its a little tricky to get running but worth it if you can find enough people to chat there . riseup runs a hidden xmpp jabber service riseup provides online communication tools for people and groups working on liberatory social change rather fitting for the majestic garden cjw cwpeaeppfqz onion ports . i agree that realtime chat with the happy hippie people of tmg would be gamesome give run an ira onion server before its a little tricky to get running but worth it if you can find enough people to chat there . all we really need is for the owners mods of the site to generally agree to the idea and how we will go about it im limited in my ira experience but in love to help out any way i can it would be very rewarding . dont know how to do this but i vote yes . zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people . i agree that realtime chat with the happy hippie people of tmg would be gamesome i ve run an ira onion server before it s a little tricky to get running but worth it if you can find enough people to chat there . zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people . quote from pleroma on september am zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people yes xmpp has group chat and most clients support it too its much like irc but it has built in history so if your offline and rejoin you see the last few messages in the group chat big plus impo right i forgot about the admit activation anyway xmpp is a good option for tor especially when youre not online . quote from pleroma on september am zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people yes xmpp has group chat and most clients support it too it s much like irc but it has built in history so if you re office and rejoin you see the last few messages in the group chat big plus impo right i forgot about the admit activation anyway xmpp is a good option for tor especially when you re not online . all we really need is for the owners mods of the site to generally agree to the idea and how we will go about it i m limited in my ira experience but i d love to help out any way i can it would be very rewarding . all we really need is for the owners mods of the site to generally agree to the idea and how we will go about it im limited in my ira experience but in love to help out any way i can it would be very rewarding . quote from pleroma on september am zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people yes xmpp has group chat and most clients support it too its much like irc but it has built in history so if your offline and rejoin you see the last few messages in the group chat big plus impo right i forgot about the admit activation anyway xmpp is a good option for tor especially when youre not online . dont know how to do this but i vote yes . zoxeebee does xmpp accomidate for group chat if so then xmpp is definitely an option however riseup does require admit activation on accounts or alternatively invitations from two or is it three different people . riseup runs a hidden xmpp jabber service riseup provides online communication tools for people and groups working on liberatory social change rather fitting for the majestic garden cjw cwpeaeppfqz onion ports . just wondering if this idea has ever been tossed around the hub has one and i enjoy hanging out there from time to time i think in enjoy hanging out on a tmg serve even more i personally think it would be gamesome to chat with you guys a bit more regularly . just wondering if this idea has ever been tossed around the hub has one and i enjoy hanging out there from time to time i think i d enjoy hanging out on a tmg serve even more i personally think it would be gamesome to chat with you guys a bit more regularly . don t know how to do this but i vote yes . riseup runs a hidden xmpp jabber service riseup provides online communication tools for people and groups working on liberatory social change rather fitting for the majestic garden cjw cwpeaeppfqz onion ports . tails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own im open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for tor . a majestic garden chat would be great . gamesome im actually pretty surprised this thread got as much traction as it did hopefully we can figure something out ill do a bit of research this evening . tails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own im open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for tor . a majestic garden chat would be great . gamesome im actually pretty surprised this thread got as much traction as it did hopefully we can figure something out ill do a bit of research this evening . a majestic garden chat would be great . gamesome i m actually pretty surprised this thread got as much traction as it did hopefully we can figure something out i ll do a bit of research this evening . tails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own i m open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for tor . i looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but it s not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated there s a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin . quote from zoxeebee on september amtails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own im open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for torwell then xmpp sounds like a good candidate i like the idea that you can add someone from the chat to your ruddy list and invoke an or conversation with the default setup in tails i can handle the technical details of setting up either an irc or xmpp serve if needed or we can use one of the many existing map servers . i looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but its not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated theres a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin . quote from zoxeebee on september amtails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own i m open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for torwell then xmpp sounds like a good candidate i like the idea that you can add someone from the chat to your ruddy list and invoke an or conversation with the default setup in tails i can handle the technical details of setting up either an irc or xmpp serve if needed or we can use one of the many existing map servers . quote from zoxeebee on september amtails includes pidgin an map client that supports group chat and end to end encryption we just need to find a suitable server or host one on our own im open to irc too but i think xmpp is better suited for torwell then xmpp sounds like a good candidate i like the idea that you can add someone from the chat to your ruddy list and invoke an or conversation with the default setup in tails i can handle the technical details of setting up either an irc or xmpp serve if needed or we can use one of the many existing map servers . i looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but its not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated theres a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin . quote from zoxeebee on september pmi looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but it s not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated there s a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin thanks for doing all that research zoxee i m thinking about the pros cons of an onion xmpp server vs a clearnet server i think the anonymity of onion routing is a definite plus but it s a shame that the certificate needs to be imported noon friendly would be nice i know that with an onion irc server as long as you don t enable ssl the crypto is taken care of via the onion routing protocol setting up an ira client may be scarf for noobs but there are web based ira clients hmm any thoughts . you could setup a retroshare network for tmg . quote from zoxeebee on september pmi looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but its not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated theres a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin thanks for doing all that research zoxee im thinking about the pros cons of an onion xmpp server vs a clearnet server i think the anonymity of onion routing is a definite plus but its a shame that the certificate needs to be imported noon friendly would be nice i know that with an onion irc server as long as you dont enable ssl the crypto is taken care of via the onion routing protocol setting up an ira client may be scarf for noobs but there are web based ira clients hmm any thoughts . you could setup a retroshare network for tmg . you could setup a retroshare network for tmg . quote from zoxeebee on september pmi looked at several public tor xmpp servers riseup seems great but its not quite public you need to be invited by a moderator the calyx institute is similar to riseup map registration is moderated theres a public server called xmppomfg that seems to work well need to import the certificate before you can connect without an ssl warning this is the case for all hidden servers account registration works directly in pidgin thanks for doing all that research zoxee im thinking about the pros cons of an onion xmpp server vs a clearnet server i think the anonymity of onion routing is a definite plus but its a shame that the certificate needs to be imported noon friendly would be nice i know that with an onion irc server as long as you dont enable ssl the crypto is taken care of via the onion routing protocol setting up an ira client may be scarf for noobs but there are web based ira clients hmm any thoughts . back up for me false alarm . back up for me false alarm . trying to log in have started my tails machine several times the org works but not onion anyone else having this problem . trying to log in have started my tails machine several times the org works but not onion anyone else having this problem . back up for me false alarm . trying to log in have started my tails machine several times the org works but not onion anyone else having this problem . it hasnt worked for me in h straight im starting to wonder if its is a bad node or a local issue . it hasn t worked for me in h straight im starting to wonder if its is a bad node or a local issue . it hasnt worked for me in h straight im starting to wonder if its is a bad node or a local issue . anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have an invite to spare . anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have an invite to spare . anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have an invite to spare . anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have an invite to spare . anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have an invite to spare . i already came across one but thank you slow . i will rate it better than ab because of the shadiness associated with alpha at the moment vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat in all aspects here is your invite vahalla link register qau . i will rate it better than ab because of the shadiness associated with alpha at the moment vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat in all aspects here is your invite vahalla link register qau . i will rate it better than ab because of the shadiness associated with alpha at the moment vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat in all aspects here is your invite vahalla link register qau . i already came across one but thank you slow . i will rate it better than ab because of the shadiness associated with alpha at the moment vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat in all aspects here is your invite vahalla link register qau . i already came across one but thank you slow . i will rate it better than ab because of the shadiness associated with alpha at the moment vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat in all aspects here is your invite vahalla link register qau . i already came across one but thank you slow . i already came across one but thank you slow . v a l h a l l a or silkkitty has been great the admin is also communicative and helpful . ive used it some vendors ive bought from them before moved there as me and abx exit scammed it seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there personally never had a problem and i never heard anyone having an issue from what i know it is relatively old market started before me and abx it says it supports multisig but i think that no many vendors use it it could have a few more searching or sorting options maybe but overlay its a great place i trust it the most at the moment . v a l h a l l a or silkkitty has been great the admin is also communicative and helpful . i ve used it some vendors i ve bought from them before moved there as me and abx exit scammed it seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there personally never had a problem and i never heard anyone having an issue from what i know it is relatively old market started before me and abx it says it supports multisig but i think that no many vendors use it it could have a few more searching or sorting options maybe but overlay it s a great place i trust it the most at the moment . ive used it some vendors ive bought from them before moved there as me and abx exit scammed it seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there personally never had a problem and i never heard anyone having an issue from what i know it is relatively old market started before me and abx it says it supports multisig but i think that no many vendors use it it could have a few more searching or sorting options maybe but overlay its a great place i trust it the most at the moment . i ve used it some vendors i ve bought from them before moved there as me and abx exit scammed it seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there personally never had a problem and i never heard anyone having an issue from what i know it is relatively old market started before me and abx it says it supports multisig but i think that no many vendors use it it could have a few more searching or sorting options maybe but overlay it s a great place i trust it the most at the moment . v a l h a l l a or silkkitty has been great the admin is also communicative and helpful . v a l h a l l a or silkkitty has been great the admin is also communicative and helpful . v a l h a l l a or silkkitty has been great the admin is also communicative and helpful . ive used it some vendors ive bought from them before moved there as me and abx exit scammed it seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there personally never had a problem and i never heard anyone having an issue from what i know it is relatively old market started before me and abx it says it supports multisig but i think that no many vendors use it it could have a few more searching or sorting options maybe but overlay its a great place i trust it the most at the moment . does anyone on earth actually know how multisig on v a l h a l l a works it supposed supports it but i cant see any option in the settings for placing my public key enabling it or anything whatsoever in the support area there is vague explanation of how to create a keypair for multisig payment continuing with the statement you will then find your public key and your private key at the bottom of the page copy both keys into a text file for each new order you will have to create a new keypair oakly sooo what next o o . does anyone on earth actually know how multisig on v a l h a l l a works it supposed supports it but i cant see any option in the settings for placing my public key enabling it or anything whatsoever in the support area there is vague explanation of how to create a keypair for multisig payment continuing with the statement you will then find your public key and your private key at the bottom of the page copy both keys into a text file for each new order you will have to create a new keypair oakly sooo what next o o . does anyone on earth actually know how multisig on v a l h a l l a works it supposed supports it but i cant see any option in the settings for placing my public key enabling it or anything whatsoever in the support area there is vague explanation of how to create a keypair for multisig payment continuing with the statement you will then find your public key and your private key at the bottom of the page copy both keys into a text file for each new order you will have to create a new keypair oakly sooo what next o o . anyone got an invite for this little one ssssss . quote from testerino on february pmquote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far really i havent received a pm . quote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far . quote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far . quote from shponglestarship on february pmquote from testerino on february pmquote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far really i havent received a pm i actually sent you an email by mistake the first time clicked on the wrong icon . anyone got an invite for this little one ssssss . quote from testerino on february pmquote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far really i havent received a pm . quote from shponglestarship on february pmquote from testerino on february pmquote from shponglestarship on february pmanyone got an invite for this little one sssssspmed you if no one sent u thus far really i havent received a pm i actually sent you an email by mistake the first time clicked on the wrong icon . ah knuckles i knew you be one of the first to welcome me back thank you brother definitely did miss that what happened link to thread . hes back now and didnt scam it certainly seems like a mess but only time will tell whats going to happen . isnt it great when you can turn something negative into a positive glad to see ya back i guess you just missed the zicot dardush scam that people were warned about . man ive missed you guys give been in withdrawls from tmg lol had some issues over the past month or so and have been unable to log in my computer power supply caught fire yeah literally on fire so lost that i came into work near the end of february to find out i was being laid off after just hitting my year anniversary its cool though got a better job almost immediately with a nice short vacation but ol don p is back what have you guys been up to what did i miss damn its great to be back . 