are they scams i came across a year ago one now im looking for a new one but this whole exploit and doublin is a swam thank you for the replys . scam . scam . dont do it when you pay into one of these schemes you will either be a funding some credit card fraud scheme b sending money to somebody who will thank you kindly then fuck right off hic both are bad outcomes the second possibility for obvious reasons but in situation a aside from the fact that credit card fraud causes a fair bit of misery for the victims not cool in my books but thats just me you are funding a crime that is very risk and that not many people can pull off well if they fail you fail they will probably fail so does it work i suppose its possible but its definitely not worth finding out . scam . are they scams i came across a year ago one now im looking for a new one but this whole exploit and doublin is a swam thank you for the replys . scam . dont do it when you pay into one of these schemes you will either be a funding some credit card fraud scheme b sending money to somebody who will thank you kindly then fuck right off hic both are bad outcomes the second possibility for obvious reasons but in situation a aside from the fact that credit card fraud causes a fair bit of misery for the victims not cool in my books but thats just me you are funding a crime that is very risk and that not many people can pull off well if they fail you fail they will probably fail so does it work i suppose its possible but its definitely not worth finding out . are they scams i came across a year ago one now im looking for a new one but this whole exploit and doublin is a swam thank you for the replys . dont do it when you pay into one of these schemes you will either be a funding some credit card fraud scheme b sending money to somebody who will thank you kindly then fuck right off hic both are bad outcomes the second possibility for obvious reasons but in situation a aside from the fact that credit card fraud causes a fair bit of misery for the victims not cool in my books but thats just me you are funding a crime that is very risk and that not many people can pull off well if they fail you fail they will probably fail so does it work i suppose its possible but its definitely not worth finding out . dont do it when you pay into one of these schemes you will either be a funding some credit card fraud scheme b sending money to somebody who will thank you kindly then fuck right off hic both are bad outcomes the second possibility for obvious reasons but in situation a aside from the fact that credit card fraud causes a fair bit of misery for the victims not cool in my books but thats just me you are funding a crime that is very risk and that not many people can pull off well if they fail you fail they will probably fail so does it work i suppose its possible but its definitely not worth finding out . are they scams i came across a year ago one now im looking for a new one but this whole exploit and doublin is a swam thank you for the replys . 