thank you for posting this . hello everyonethank you for taking the time to read this we have been getting messages from buyers who think we have are operating on bmr and other darkent websites they are in fact a copycats as we were placed in top on sr v and perfect score for over months then sheep perfect score top percent our trading name is a valuable sign of quality security and stealth they were a company called ukpharma srv who copied our name and went on to use and abuse it on bmr i have been getting lots of messages saying they have copied our page from srv and name on bmr and other darknet websites everyone who has brought from us before will know we are the real rp from sheep and srv from the packaging messages and off course our pip keys somethings they can not copy it is a infuriating as they are asking for fe and giving sub standard service we only operate on srv at the moment we have only sold on srv and sheep and then back to srv any other vendors have similar experience kindest regardsrp . thank you for posting this . hello everyonethank you for taking the time to read this we have been getting messages from buyers who think we have are operating on bmr and other darkent websites they are in fact a copycats as we were placed in top on sr v and perfect score for over months then sheep perfect score top percent our trading name is a valuable sign of quality security and stealth they were a company called ukpharma srv who copied our name and went on to use and abuse it on bmr i have been getting lots of messages saying they have copied our page from srv and name on bmr and other darknet websites everyone who has brought from us before will know we are the real rp from sheep and srv from the packaging messages and off course our pip keys somethings they can not copy it is a infuriating as they are asking for fe and giving sub standard service we only operate on srv at the moment we have only sold on srv and sheep and then back to srv any other vendors have similar experience kindest regardsrp . hello everyonethank you for taking the time to read this we have been getting messages from buyers who think we have are operating on bmr and other darkent websites they are in fact a copycats as we were placed in top on sr v and perfect score for over months then sheep perfect score top percent our trading name is a valuable sign of quality security and stealth they were a company called ukpharma srv who copied our name and went on to use and abuse it on bmr i have been getting lots of messages saying they have copied our page from srv and name on bmr and other darknet websites everyone who has brought from us before will know we are the real rp from sheep and srv from the packaging messages and off course our pip keys somethings they can not copy it is a infuriating as they are asking for fe and giving sub standard service we only operate on srv at the moment we have only sold on srv and sheep and then back to srv any other vendors have similar experience kindest regardsrp . thank you for posting this . hopefully registering as a vendor on the hub should make this sort of thing more difficult in future . hopefully registering as a vendor on the hub should make this sort of thing more difficult in future . hello yeah just getting verified sent a signed message so only a matter of time thank you for your replies kindest regardsrp . hopefully registering as a vendor on the hub should make this sort of thing more difficult in future . hello yeah just getting verified sent a signed message so only a matter of time thank you for your replies kindest regardsrp . hello yeah just getting verified sent a signed message so only a matter of time thank you for your replies kindest regardsrp . hey guysf ck those people scammers they are be safe and let everybody see who is real and who not stay safe guysthanksrealtrade . hey guysf ck those people scammers they are be safe and let everybody see who is real and who not stay safe guysthanksrealtrade . hey guysf ck those people scammers they are be safe and let everybody see who is real and who not stay safe guysthanksrealtrade . i knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key . i knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key . i knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key . i think ive said this before this forum is going to be an essential tool as elpresidentes website is also to the community . quote from jules wingfield on january ami knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key it seems that the moderators here are doing just that . i think ive said this before this forum is going to be an essential tool as elpresidentes website is also to the community . quote from jules wingfield on january ami knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key it seems that the moderators here are doing just that . quote from jules wingfield on january ami knew this would eventually happen like phishing but with vendor names wouldnt the admins and users be able to confirm with pip public key it seems that the moderators here are doing just that . i think ive said this before this forum is going to be an essential tool as elpresidentes website is also to the community . gets confusing due to the space or lack of but up pharma was a seller on s bmr sr vendor for year trusted beno seller is not ukpharma that was on mr note the spacing up pharma the good one is now ukpharma on agora has to omit the space due to agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see potential buyers should always go by the feedback the logo up pharma has been using for years . gets confusing due to the space or lack of but up pharma was a seller on s bmr sr vendor for year trusted beno seller is not ukpharma that was on mr note the spacing up pharma the good one is now ukpharma on agora has to omit the space due to agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see potential buyers should always go by the feedback the logo up pharma has been using for years . gets confusing due to the space or lack of but up pharma was a seller on s bmr sr vendor for year trusted beno seller is not ukpharma that was on mr note the spacing up pharma the good one is now ukpharma on agora has to omit the space due to agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see potential buyers should always go by the feedback the logo up pharma has been using for years . 