okay so i got a message saying that due to the numerous ddos attacks they have to move servers and gave a new address i follow the address and it says to confirm my pin i m sorry i could be over reacting but i m not about to let myself fall into a trap i look back at the message on the original website and it was only sent to three or four different people if that was truly support why would they send it to such few people on top of that all the threads on the ab forum are gone so rascally i m wondering if anyone else got this message and is experiencing the same shit thank you all . that s what i figured as soon as it told me to confirm my pin i got the hell outta there never know these days . i know for a fact alpha wouldent never ask users to change pin this waybeaware its a phising page only use links to markets from we love avengers comcheers . thats what i figured as soon as it told me to confirm my pin i got the hell outta there never know these days . i know for a fact alpha wouldent never ask users to change pin this waybeaware its a phising page only use links to markets from deepdotweb comcheers . i know for a fact alpha wouldent never ask users to change pin this waybeaware its a phising page only use links to markets from deepdotweb comcheers . okay so i got a message saying that due to the numerous ddos attacks they have to move servers and gave a new address i follow the address and it says to confirm my pin im sorry i could be over reacting but in not about to let myself fall into a trap i look back at the message on the original website and it was only sent to three or four different people if that was truly support why would they send it to such few people on top of that all the threads on the ab forum are gone so rascally in wondering if anyone else got this message and is experiencing the same shit thank you all . thats what i figured as soon as it told me to confirm my pin i got the hell outta there never know these days . okay so i got a message saying that due to the numerous ddos attacks they have to move servers and gave a new address i follow the address and it says to confirm my pin im sorry i could be over reacting but in not about to let myself fall into a trap i look back at the message on the original website and it was only sent to three or four different people if that was truly support why would they send it to such few people on top of that all the threads on the ab forum are gone so rascally in wondering if anyone else got this message and is experiencing the same shit thank you all . day well it didn t change if you go to ggs active vendor page i was the last one to post on there and it switched it two times whats going on here the address i posted above is the correct address right . every time you try to type the correct address for eggs site it gets changed to a different url the correct address is pushingtabu it onion as far as i know i will paste the exact same address without the space and when i submit this post it will be changed i am terribly sorry if this has been discussed and i m riding on the slow bus here but has anyone else noticed this and are the admin going to address this thanks . every time you try to type the correct address for eggs site it gets changed to a different url the correct address is pushingtabu it onion as far as i know i will paste the exact same address without the space and when i submit this post it will be changed i am terribly sorry if this has been discussed and in riding on the slow bus here but has anyone else noticed this and are the admin going to address this thanks . day well it didnt change if you go to ggs active vendor page i was the last one to post on there and it switched it two times whats going on here the address i posted above is the correct address right . it did change guys come on i cant be the only one who sees somethings not right . it did change guys come on i cant be the only one who see s somethings not right . day well it didnt change if you go to ggs active vendor page i was the last one to post on there and it switched it two times whats going on here the address i posted above is the correct address right . every time you try to type the correct address for eggs site it gets changed to a different url the correct address is pushingtabu it onion as far as i know i will paste the exact same address without the space and when i submit this post it will be changed i am terribly sorry if this has been discussed and in riding on the slow bus here but has anyone else noticed this and are the admin going to address this thanks . it did change guys come on i cant be the only one who sees somethings not right . this is the let link to ggs shop . i dont quite get what the problem is pinto you have the correct uri address for pushing taboo i copied passed pushing taboos url addy and it took me directly to their site the only thing that changed was the was missing from the uri what is actually changing for you could you be a little more specific . i dont quite get what the problem is pinto you have the correct uri address for pushing taboo i copied passed pushing taboos url addy and it took me directly to their site the only thing that changed was the was missing from the uri what is actually changing for you could you be a little more specific . this is the let link to ggs shop . this is the let link to gg s shop . i don t quite get what the problem is pinto you have the correct uri address for pushing taboo i copied passed pushing taboo s uri addy and it took me directly to their site the only thing that changed was the was missing from the uri what is actually changing for you could you be a little more specific . pinto you arent accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser . im sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn know what to think its all settled though thank you . quote from pinto on november ami m sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn t realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn t know what to think it s all settled though thank you you either have some crafty malware on your computer or this forum is compromise i suggest you look into the malware bit further . i m sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn t realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn t know what to think it s all settled though thank you . pinto you aren t accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser . im sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn know what to think its all settled though thank you . pinto you arent accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser . quote from pinto on november amim sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn know what to think its all settled though thank you you either have some crafty malware on your computer or this forum is compromise i suggest you look into the malware bit further . quote from pinto on november amim sorry for the confusion i have it figured out now my computer somehow was changing every to the scam address pushikk so this is why i believed for a moment that i was going crazy and didn realize why nobody else was seeing this right now everything is back to normal not sure how this could happen people would say this is the right address and i would see it as pushikk sooo this is why i was super confused on top of that my first order from gg never came soo i just didn know what to think its all settled though thank you you either have some crafty malware on your computer or this forum is compromise i suggest you look into the malware bit further . quote from zoxeebee on november ampinto you arent accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser yeah never thought of this maybe pintos not using a tor browser hmm . this is why i love bookmarks on tails persistent volumes never have to worry about phishing . this is why i love bookmarks on tails persistent volumes never have to worry about phishing . quote from zoxeebee on november ampinto you arent accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser yeah never thought of this maybe pintos not using a tor browser hmm . this is why i love bookmarks on tails persistent volumes never have to worry about phishing . quote from zoxeebee on november ampinto you aren t accessing the forum through a clearnet tor gateway such as onion to are you are you using the tor browser yeah never thought of this maybe pinto s not using a tor browser hmm . most likely malware possible mitm attack id be very cautious . most likely malware possible mitm attack id be very cautious . most likely malware possible mite attack i d be very cautious . haha of course i m using a tor browser everything seems to be going smoothly now though thank you all and sorry for freaking out . haha of course im using a tor browser everything seems to be going smoothly now though thank you all and sorry for freaking out . haha of course im using a tor browser everything seems to be going smoothly now though thank you all and sorry for freaking out . 