im wondering if i should download tails i already use tor and have gog us along with tor email etc etc should i still download it also can someone give me a few suggestions as to a good bitcoin wallet i dont have a bank account so i would be transferring it with a readable card is that possible many thanks in advance . thank you lobster . yes you should download tails its an is image tails boum org you will need a computer w dvd burner and a flash drive gbtails comes with electric wallet which is a great wallet just remember to write down your seed somewhere secure . yes you should download tails its an is image tails boum org you will need a computer w dvd burner and a flash drive gbtails comes with electric wallet which is a great wallet just remember to write down your seed somewhere secure . thank you lobster . i m wondering if i should download tails i already use tor and have gog us along with tor email etc etc should i still download it also can someone give me a few suggestions as to a good bitcoin wallet i don t have a bank account so i would be transferring it with a readable card is that possible many thanks in advance . i downloaded tails and got everything set up but for some reason it wont connect to the internet it says that i am connected has the blue bars but the delia sp onion is nowhere to be found and i cant get on tor or the unsafe web browser give tried unspoofing that didnt work i tried to put in a bridge and it wouldnt go through i guess i put it in wrong i dont know how though i dont know what else to try and ive been going at this for two days now any help is very appreciated thank yousnow . sometimes it takes a long time to connect to tor depending on different factors have you tried just leaving it alone for up to or minutes and seeing if it connects to tor then . thank you i know about that part but everytime i put it in it says its connected but yet it still wont work im thinking i might have to just start all over i looked online some more and apparently a lot of people are having the same issue sadly though i still have not been able to find a solution . you need to enter your wifi password every time you start up tails unless youre using a persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords there should be a little network icon near the upper right corner of your screen which becomes a drop down menu when you click on it you should be able to just enter your password in there if you enter your wifi password correctly tor should be able to connect . no i havent i will see if that works thank you . thank you i know about that part but everytime i put it in it says its connected but yet it still wont work im thinking i might have to just start all over i looked online some more and apparently a lot of people are having the same issue sadly though i still have not been able to find a solution . i downloaded tails and got everything set up but for some reason it wont connect to the internet it says that i am connected has the blue bars but the delia sp onion is nowhere to be found and i cant get on tor or the unsafe web browser give tried unspoofing that didnt work i tried to put in a bridge and it wouldnt go through i guess i put it in wrong i dont know how though i dont know what else to try and ive been going at this for two days now any help is very appreciated thank yousnow . have you tried from another ap are the results the same . thank you i know about that part but everytime i put it in it says its connected but yet it still wont work im thinking i might have to just start all over i looked online some more and apparently a lot of people are having the same issue sadly though i still have not been able to find a solution . have you tried from another ap are the results the same . sometimes it takes a long time to connect to tor depending on different factors have you tried just leaving it alone for up to or minutes and seeing if it connects to tor then . i downloaded tails and got everything set up but for some reason it won t connect to the internet it says that i am connected has the blue bars but the delia sp onion is nowhere to be found and i can t get on tor or the unsafe web browser i ve tried unspoofing that didn t work i tried to put in a bridge and it wouldn t go through i guess i put it in wrong i don t know how though i don t know what else to try and i ve been going at this for two days now any help is very appreciated thank yousnow . thank you i know about that part but everytime i put it in it says it s connected but yet it still won t work i m thinking i might have to just start all over i looked online some more and apparently a lot of people are having the same issue sadly though i still have not been able to find a solution . no i haven t i will see if that works thank you . you need to enter your wifi password every time you start up tails unless you re using a persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords there should be a little network icon near the upper right corner of your screen which becomes a drop down menu when you click on it you should be able to just enter your password in there if you enter your wifi password correctly tor should be able to connect . i downloaded tails and got everything set up but for some reason it wont connect to the internet it says that i am connected has the blue bars but the delia sp onion is nowhere to be found and i cant get on tor or the unsafe web browser give tried unspoofing that didnt work i tried to put in a bridge and it wouldnt go through i guess i put it in wrong i dont know how though i dont know what else to try and ive been going at this for two days now any help is very appreciated thank yousnow . you need to enter your wifi password every time you start up tails unless youre using a persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords there should be a little network icon near the upper right corner of your screen which becomes a drop down menu when you click on it you should be able to just enter your password in there if you enter your wifi password correctly tor should be able to connect . no i havent i will see if that works thank you . no i havent i will see if that works thank you . sometimes it takes a long time to connect to tor depending on different factors have you tried just leaving it alone for up to or minutes and seeing if it connects to tor then . have you tried from another ap are the results the same . sometimes it takes a long time to connect to tor depending on different factors have you tried just leaving it alone for up to or minutes and seeing if it connects to tor then . you need to enter your wifi password every time you start up tails unless youre using a persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords there should be a little network icon near the upper right corner of your screen which becomes a drop down menu when you click on it you should be able to just enter your password in there if you enter your wifi password correctly tor should be able to connect . have you tried from another ap are the results the same . tails can be a pain with wifi on new machines i find works wonders on hunks of crap like old thinkpads bought for cash bricks are the way forward have you considered phoenix vm instead . design which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesn t come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design it s also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what i ve heard . quote from lucidmotif on november amdebian which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesn t come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design it s also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what i ve heard a great suggestion but if i m reading queen s post correctly it is that this has worked in the past for her although i could be wrong . thank you everyone for your help i was looking around cause i thought i had another ap but i don t i m either going to look at the us lucidmotif suggested or just try phoenix vm that dimitri coolbreeze suggested the computer i m using isn t new early s i wish i had a macbook though lmao for everyone because you are all so kind and helpful thank yousnow . thank you everyone for your help i was looking around cause i thought i had another ap but i dont im either going to look at the us lucidmotif suggested or just try phoenix vm that dimitri coolbreeze suggested the computer im using isn new early s i wish i had a macbook though lmao for everyone because you are all so kind and helpful thank yousnow . quote from lucidmotif on november amdebian which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard a great suggestion but if in reading queens post correctly it is that this has worked in the past for her although i could be wrong . tails can be a pain with wifi on new machines i find works wonders on hunks of crap like old thinkpads bought for cash bricks are the way forward have you considered phoenix vm instead . thank you everyone for your help i was looking around cause i thought i had another ap but i dont im either going to look at the us lucidmotif suggested or just try phoenix vm that dimitri coolbreeze suggested the computer im using isn new early s i wish i had a macbook though lmao for everyone because you are all so kind and helpful thank yousnow . quote from lucidmotif on november amdebian which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard a great suggestion but if in reading queens post correctly it is that this has worked in the past for her although i could be wrong . design which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard . design which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard . tails can be a pain with wifi on new machines i find works wonders on hunks of crap like old thinkpads bought for cash bricks are the way forward have you considered phoenix vm instead . thank you everyone for your help i was looking around cause i thought i had another ap but i dont im either going to look at the us lucidmotif suggested or just try phoenix vm that dimitri coolbreeze suggested the computer im using isn new early s i wish i had a macbook though lmao for everyone because you are all so kind and helpful thank yousnow . tails can be a pain with wifi on new machines i find works wonders on hunks of crap like old thinkpads bought for cash bricks are the way forward have you considered phoenix vm instead . design which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard . quote from lucidmotif on november amdebian which tails is based on is not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers for example it is not compatible with some of the newer macbook models because it doesnt come with the right drivers you can do some searching to see if design comes with a driver for the wife device on your computer model if not it is possible to buy a us connected wife dongle compatible with design its also possible to install the missing driver to tails in some case but there are negative sides to doing that from what give heard a great suggestion but if in reading queens post correctly it is that this has worked in the past for her although i could be wrong . 