same thread was addressed directly by jalapenohippy over on the hub and combined with his previous posts my anxiety was asswaged he seems like an day guy but i dont know if his market will survive his reply was as follows we had planned to launch this market at etc november for months now we were maybe minutes late it is unfortunate the some major markets are experiencing issues at this time coincidental and unfortunate it is my sincere hope those markets do return if just for the sake of community members funds that are trapped on these markets a major play in our decision to be a pure multi sig market was to mitigate losses experienced when these centralized escrow markets disappear . same thread was addressed directly by jalapenohippy over on the hub and combined with his previous posts my anxiety was asswaged he seems like an day guy but i don t know if his market will survive his reply was as follows we had planned to launch this market at etc november for months now we were maybe minutes late it is unfortunate the some major markets are experiencing issues at this time coincidental and unfortunate it is my sincere hope those markets do return if just for the sake of community members funds that are trapped on these markets a major play in our decision to be a pure multi sig market was to mitigate losses experienced when these centralized escrow markets disappear . the timing of this one is just too damn fishy i mean holy fuck does this smell like methylamine love avengers market place was announced roughly hours ago and wtf is all i can say . the timing of this one is just too damn fishy i mean holy fuck does this smell like methylamine announced roughly hours ago and wtf is all i can say . the timing of this one is just too damn fishy i mean holy fuck does this smell like methylamine announced roughly hours ago and wtf is all i can say . same thread was addressed directly by jalapenohippy over on the hub and combined with his previous posts my anxiety was asswaged he seems like an day guy but i dont know if his market will survive his reply was as follows we had planned to launch this market at etc november for months now we were maybe minutes late it is unfortunate the some major markets are experiencing issues at this time coincidental and unfortunate it is my sincere hope those markets do return if just for the sake of community members funds that are trapped on these markets a major play in our decision to be a pure multi sig market was to mitigate losses experienced when these centralized escrow markets disappear . yeah i realized that right after i posted ll i feel like an idiot i registered with them only to see how everything plays out . its suspicious because its being speculated that two somewhat big markets may be exit scamming op is probably under the assumption that they have and branded their site all in sll only time can tell i dont market hope so i wont be registering daytime soon anyways ive secured a reliable source for my lsd so in very satisfied . yeah i realized that right after i posted ll i feel like an idiot i registered with them only to see how everything plays out . it s suspicious because it s being speculated that two somewhat big markets may be exit scamming op is probably under the assumption that they have and branded their site all in sll only time can tell i don t market hope so i won t be registering daytime soon anyways i ve secured a reliable source for my lsd so i m very satisfied . sorry if this is so latently obvious but can i ask why seems legit . yeah i realized that right after i posted ll i feel like an idiot i registered with them only to see how everything plays out . sorry if this is so latently obvious but can i ask why seems legit . its suspicious because its being speculated that two somewhat big markets may be exit scamming op is probably under the assumption that they have and branded their site all in sll only time can tell i dont market hope so i wont be registering daytime soon anyways ive secured a reliable source for my lsd so in very satisfied . sorry if this is so latently obvious but can i ask why seems legit . 