hey where can i buy some btc with my paypal i dont want to use exchangers like bitstamp or similiar who wants to have my id and real name . quote from slipperyjimdigriz on june pmbest bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal this . best bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal because when i sell via papa people chargeback roughly of the time i then have to prove to paypal and my bank that the buyer did recieve the coins so rascally its a hassle for the seller . easiest way but high fees . easiest way but high fees . best bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal because when i sell via papa people chargeback roughly of the time i then have to prove to paypal and my bank that the buyer did recieve the coins so rascally its a hassle for the seller . easiest way but high fees . hey where can i buy some btc with my paypal i dont want to use exchangers like bitstamp or similiar who wants to have my id and real name . easiest way but high fees . hey where can i buy some btc with my paypal i dont want to use exchangers like bitstamp or similiar who wants to have my id and real name . best bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal because when i sell via papa people chargeback roughly of the time i then have to prove to paypal and my bank that the buyer did recieve the coins so rascally its a hassle for the seller . hey where can i buy some btc with my paypal i dont want to use exchangers like bitstamp or similiar who wants to have my id and real name . quote from slipperyjimdigriz on june pmbest bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal this . quote from slipperyjimdigriz on june pmbest bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal this . quote from slipperyjimdigriz on june pmbest bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal this . best bet is localbitcoins be prepared to pay waay more than normal because when i sell via papa people chargeback roughly of the time i then have to prove to paypal and my bank that the buyer did recieve the coins so rascally its a hassle for the seller . i would really advise against purchasing btc with papa but really it is up to you why not use cash its very simple to use localbitcoins and deal with a local dealer no banks involved or to do a cash deposit at any bank that is near to you the less paper trail you leave the better . i would really advise against purchasing btc with papa but really it is up to you why not use cash its very simple to use localbitcoins and deal with a local dealer no banks involved or to do a cash deposit at any bank that is near to you the less paper trail you leave the better . i would really advise against purchasing btc with papa but really it is up to you why not use cash its very simple to use localbitcoins and deal with a local dealer no banks involved or to do a cash deposit at any bank that is near to you the less paper trail you leave the better . i would really advise against purchasing btc with papa but really it is up to you why not use cash its very simple to use localbitcoins and deal with a local dealer no banks involved or to do a cash deposit at any bank that is near to you the less paper trail you leave the better . i have heard some have bought second life linen dollars with paypal on virwox then sold them there for btc let us know . i have heard some have bought second life linen dollars with paypal on virwox then sold them there for btc let us know . i have heard some have bought second life linen dollars with paypal on virwox then sold them there for btc let us know . i have heard some have bought second life linen dollars with paypal on virwox then sold them there for btc let us know . 