electrum is pretty standard highly recommend it download and install and you re good to go doesn t get any better as far as safety goes your coins on a hasted wallet like blockchain info or anywhere else but your own wallet isn t a good idea vulnerable to hacks . i need something i can safely store less than btc in and make low cost deposits and withdraws i don t care if it takes a couple days for deposits withdraws to happen so much info out there i just need to narrow it down any recommendations that i can research thanks . electrom is good bitkey is also cool but a tremor devise is the best for long term absolute safe storage . i need something i can safely store less than btc in and make low cost deposits and withdraws i dont care if it takes a couple days for deposits withdraws to happen so much info out there i just need to narrow it down any recommendations that i can research thanks . electrom is good bitkey is also cool but a tremor devise is the best for long term absolute safe storage . electrum is pretty standard highly recommend it download and install and youre good to go doesn get any better as far as safety goes your coins on a hasted wallet like blockchain info or anywhere else but your own wallet isnt a good idea vulnerable to hacks . electrum is pretty standard highly recommend it download and install and youre good to go doesn get any better as far as safety goes your coins on a hasted wallet like blockchain info or anywhere else but your own wallet isnt a good idea vulnerable to hacks . electrom is good bitkey is also cool but a tremor devise is the best for long term absolute safe storage . i need something i can safely store less than btc in and make low cost deposits and withdraws i dont care if it takes a couple days for deposits withdraws to happen so much info out there i just need to narrow it down any recommendations that i can research thanks . thanks for the valuable information ill look into all of these happy trails . thanks for the valuable information i ll look into all of these happy trails . thanks for the valuable information ill look into all of these happy trails . hi im researching the use of and conversion rates of btc in other countries in south america or the middle east or southeast asia looking for any type of into please advise if you know of anything best fdt . hi im researching the use of and conversion rates of btc in other countries in south america or the middle east or southeast asia looking for any type of into please advise if you know of anything best fdt . hi i m researching the use of and conversion rates of btc in other countries in south america or the middle east or southeast asia looking for any type of into please advise if you know of anything best fdt . what is the goal of this research . what is the goal of this research . what is the goal of this research . 