justice fatherteddington . still doing it all wrong and wreckless when it counts cause mamma didnt raise no pussy o . try fighting jaw tension from mdma or meth with no teeth such . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmoh no hope granny doesn get scammed me too wouldn wish it on anyone did you get me anything nice in the shop pack of fruit salad chewits and a can of dr pepper m . i agree alpha are scammers dream market has a nice subtle layout an a good place . quote from boneskoopa on december amquote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmyou should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m i have two of them already got them done in hungary for k per tooth normally its euro for one i only have tooth thats a denture and the reason i have no implant is coz the tooth beside it needs a root canal done and cant have an infected tooth next to a healing tooth will have it sorted over christmas hopefully moral here is done gum drugs dont gum drugs that explains everything p its my fav roa stop talking i can hear your gums slapping together from over here damn even granny got more teeth than you . theres some noise in reddit at the minute not looking great lets see how this unfold . as long as your crazy ass isnt boozing there irish . still doing it all wrong and wreckless when it counts cause mamma didnt raise no pussy o . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmyou should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m i have two of them already got them done in hungary for k per tooth normally its euro for one i only have tooth thats a denture and the reason i have no implant is coz the tooth beside it needs a root canal done and cant have an infected tooth next to a healing tooth will have it sorted over christmas hopefully moral here is done gum drugs dont gum drugs that explains everything p its my fav roa . quote from grandma on december pmread this from beginning to end and put two and two together safe out there kids and dont fall for scamming cunts buyers or sellers we hope to have this resolved soon or at least before the hours that was told to us look closely at that thread youll see what goes on there love granny this has been resolved the buyer got nervous when they thought their package would be there it got there the day it was supposed to and the buyer released the funds but didnt leave any feedback in my mind this buyer should go on the blacklist but grand wont do that this time everyone stay safe out there and please be patient when it comes to your hear getting to you during these holiday times granny has lost only one pack due to buyer fucking their own address up go figure stay safe kids love your granny . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmquote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmoh no hope granny doesn get scammed me too wouldn wish it on anyone did you get me anything nice in the shop pack of fruit salad chewits and a can of dr pepper m sound bud i love chewits but my fillings done now dr p i drink that stuff all day i will be popping the offey laters i am only getting no alcoholic beers but you want some jager or captain jack tang rubs his tongue across his teeth no fillings m u jelly although i havent been to the dentist in like years odea . read this from beginning to end and put two and two together safe out there kids and dont fall for scamming cunts buyers or sellers we hope to have this resolved soon or at least before the hours that was told to us look closely at that thread youll see what goes on there love granny . he sent euro to the exact same address he sent the btc to and it showed up in the accountyeah i think their deposit addresses are dun goofd i saw a post on reddit about some doode who got an already used deposit address show up in their account so i guess some lucky guy got ur ruddy deposit in their account . you should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m . justice fatherteddington . as long as your crazy ass isnt boozing there irish . sigh you like toast i will make you some toast and coffee and you can cry your little heart out to me about your alphabay problems mr paddington pop round at . theres some noise in reddit at the minute not looking great lets see how this unfold . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmyou should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m i have two of them already got them done in hungary for k per tooth normally its euro for one i only have tooth thats a denture and the reason i have no implant is coz the tooth beside it needs a root canal done and cant have an infected tooth next to a healing tooth will have it sorted over christmas hopefully moral here is done gum drugs dont gum drugs that explains everything p its my fav roa . hello all just letting people know to be wary of depositing on this market a friend just told me he has deposited btc over hours ago and it not in his wallet he contacted the admins about it and they said he got wished and not to click on links he sent euro to the exact same address he sent the btc to and it showed up in the account in the same account the admin pmd him in hes not a newb and knows not to click links or scam messages also the helpdesk is full of complaints similar to this take what you will from this but it doesnt look good . hello all just letting people know to be wary of depositing on this market a friend just told me he has deposited btc over hours ago and it not in his wallet he contacted the admins about it and they said he got wished and not to click on links he sent euro to the exact same address he sent the btc to and it showed up in the account in the same account the admin pmd him in hes not a newb and knows not to click links or scam messages also the helpdesk is full of complaints similar to this take what you will from this but it doesnt look good . sigh you like toast i will make you some toast and coffee and you can cry your little heart out to me about your alphabay problems mr paddington pop round at . oh no hope granny doesn get scammed . thank you for notifying us we wanted to also open a store on ab but i never had a good feeling about this market the response of the admin says enough for me what a crude way to treat your customers i would get the hell out of there once again thank you for the warning . quote from boneskoopa on december amquote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmyou should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m i have two of them already got them done in hungary for k per tooth normally its euro for one i only have tooth thats a denture and the reason i have no implant is coz the tooth beside it needs a root canal done and cant have an infected tooth next to a healing tooth will have it sorted over christmas hopefully moral here is done gum drugs dont gum drugs that explains everything p its my fav roa stop talking i can hear your gums slapping together from over here damn even granny got more teeth than you . he sent euro to the exact same address he sent the btc to and it showed up in the accountyeah i think their deposit addresses are dun goofd i saw a post on reddit about some doode who got an already used deposit address show up in their account so i guess some lucky guy got ur ruddy deposit in their account . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmoh no hope granny doesn get scammed me too wouldn wish it on anyone did you get me anything nice in the shop pack of fruit salad chewits and a can of dr pepper m . you should cash out some of them buttcoins and grab a plane to london harley street and get some within teeth implants youl look like a hollywood celebrity then m . of teddington im gon na pop to the shop anyway you want anything . quote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmquote from gathered on december pmquote from tang on december pmoh no hope granny doesn get scammed me too wouldn wish it on anyone did you get me anything nice in the shop pack of fruit salad chewits and a can of dr pepper m sound bud i love chewits but my fillings done now dr p i drink that stuff all day i will be popping the offey laters i am only getting no alcoholic beers but you want some jager or captain jack tang rubs his tongue across his teeth no fillings m u jelly although i havent been to the dentist in like years odea . thank you for notifying us we wanted to also open a store on ab but i never had a good feeling about this market the response of the admin says enough for me what a crude way to treat your customers i would get the hell out of there once again thank you for the warning . read this from beginning to end and put two and two together safe out there kids and dont fall for scamming cunts buyers or sellers we hope to have this resolved soon or at least before the hours that was told to us look closely at that thread youll see what goes on there love granny . of teddington im gon na pop to the shop anyway you want anything . oh no hope granny doesn get scammed . by the time youve submitted to traversing alphabay for vendors youve know and loved hopefully you learned to do off the bleep tx if not youre doing it all wrong . by the time youve submitted to traversing alphabay for vendors youve know and loved hopefully you learned to do off the bleep tx if not youre doing it all wrong . quote from grandma on december pmread this from beginning to end and put two and two together safe out there kids and dont fall for scamming cunts buyers or sellers we hope to have this resolved soon or at least before the hours that was told to us look closely at that thread youll see what goes on there love granny this has been resolved the buyer got nervous when they thought their package would be there it got there the day it was supposed to and the buyer released the funds but didnt leave any feedback in my mind this buyer should go on the blacklist but grand wont do that this time everyone stay safe out there and please be patient when it comes to your hear getting to you during these holiday times granny has lost only one pack due to buyer fucking their own address up go figure stay safe kids love your granny . try fighting jaw tension from mdma or meth with no teeth such . i agree alpha are scammers dream market has a nice subtle layout an a good place . 