store sounds good . please do not advertise goods or link to your marketplace before you are verified as a vendor at captain jack . store sounds good . store sounds good . please do not advertise goods or link to your marketplace before you are verified as a vendor at captain jack . please do not advertise goods or link to your marketplace before you are verified as a vendor at captain jack . store sounds good . please do not advertise goods or link to your marketplace before you are verified as a vendor at captain jack . i checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself . i checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself . i checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself . i checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself . quote from inromativeuser on march ami checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself thanks so much for your post i was just looking through it and although its a great idea in practice i found it to be verrrrryyyy sllllllloooooowwww and difficult nay impossible to navigate i wouldnt put it past me to just have missed these things until i get some sleep but how come there is absolutely no search functionality and how come the directory is completely disorganised in every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed to find each other . quote from inromativeuser on march ami checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself thanks so much for your post i was just looking through it and although its a great idea in practice i found it to be verrrrryyyy sllllllloooooowwww and difficult nay impossible to navigate i wouldnt put it past me to just have missed these things until i get some sleep but how come there is absolutely no search functionality and how come the directory is completely disorganised in every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed to find each other . yep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one . yep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one . yep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one . quote from inromativeuser on march ami checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself thanks so much for your post i was just looking through it and although its a great idea in practice i found it to be verrrrryyyy sllllllloooooowwww and difficult nay impossible to navigate i wouldnt put it past me to just have missed these things until i get some sleep but how come there is absolutely no search functionality and how come the directory is completely disorganised in every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed to find each other . quote from inromativeuser on march ami checked out the site and was not impressed the site requires too much from you slow and now responsive too little freedom on the site not even sure how people are meant to see your listings when you cant see them yourself thanks so much for your post i was just looking through it and although its a great idea in practice i found it to be verrrrryyyy sllllllloooooowwww and difficult nay impossible to navigate i wouldnt put it past me to just have missed these things until i get some sleep but how come there is absolutely no search functionality and how come the directory is completely disorganised in every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed to find each other . yep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one . hey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look . hey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look . hey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look . quote from deepify on april pmyep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention to respective shopkeepers i couldnt use it without search both for vendor and product looking at that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible to find specific items yes please a search function at the very least i wont work any more on my store until it becomes a navigable group of stores rather than a chaotic jumble . hey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look . quote from deepify on april pmyep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention to respective shopkeepers i couldnt use it without search both for vendor and product looking at that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible to find specific items yes please a search function at the very least i wont work any more on my store until it becomes a navigable group of stores rather than a chaotic jumble . quote from deepify on april pmyep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention to respective shopkeepers i couldnt use it without search both for vendor and product looking at that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible to find specific items yes please a search function at the very least i wont work any more on my store until it becomes a navigable group of stores rather than a chaotic jumble . quote from deepify on april pmyep we are publishing some updates so till be a had slow for a few more minutes sorry for the lag the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted your idea of search is a good one thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention to respective shopkeepers i couldnt use it without search both for vendor and product looking at that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible to find specific items yes please a search function at the very least i wont work any more on my store until it becomes a navigable group of stores rather than a chaotic jumble . he did in fact it was a little startling im not used to being listened to and having a requested feature implements in . he did in fact it was a little startling im not used to being listened to and having a requested feature implements in . he did in fact it was a little startling im not used to being listened to and having a requested feature implements in . he did in fact it was a little startling im not used to being listened to and having a requested feature implements in . and now i cant get in at all terp . quote from deepify on april pmhey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look have sent you a couple or three messages with some thoughts but you seem to have disappeared again term . and now i cant get in at all terp . quote from deepify on april pmhey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look have sent you a couple or three messages with some thoughts but you seem to have disappeared again term . and now i cant get in at all terp . quote from deepify on april pmhey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look have sent you a couple or three messages with some thoughts but you seem to have disappeared again term . and now i cant get in at all terp . quote from deepify on april pmhey sent you a pm that we heard your feedback and updated the directory to make it a bit easier to navigate and search re take a look have sent you a couple or three messages with some thoughts but you seem to have disappeared again term . something similar looking for reviews . that onionshop is worth looking into yeah i heard deepify wasnt working right today . something similar looking for reviews . that onionshop is worth looking into yeah i heard deepify wasnt working right today . that onionshop is worth looking into yeah i heard deepify wasnt working right today . something similar looking for reviews . that onionshop is worth looking into yeah i heard deepify wasnt working right today . something similar looking for reviews . i just went live on deeply my store is called vibrancy ill let you guys know how this works out . i just went live on deeply my store is called vibrancy ill let you guys know how this works out . i just went live on deeply my store is called vibrancy ill let you guys know how this works out . i just went live on deeply my store is called vibrancy ill let you guys know how this works out . the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore so i cant edit my store yesterday i gave up and became a vendor on evolution . the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore so i cant edit my store yesterday i gave up and became a vendor on evolution . the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore so i cant edit my store yesterday i gave up and became a vendor on evolution . the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore so i cant edit my store yesterday i gave up and became a vendor on evolution . 