hi at last a service that does not advertize stolen credit cards and other nasty stuff just drugs can someone sort me an invite cheers . making an account for this board and asking for invites on the very first post could potentially dissuade people from offering one may want to mingle a bit and make some friends . hi at last a service that does not advertize stolen credit cards and other nasty stuff just drugs can someone sort me an invite cheers . making an account for this board and asking for invites on the very first post could potentially dissuade people from offering one may want to mingle a bit and make some friends . hi at last a service that does not advertize stolen credit cards and other nasty stuff just drugs can someone sort me an invite cheers . making an account for this board and asking for invites on the very first post could potentially dissuade people from offering one may want to mingle a bit and make some friends . hi at last a service that does not advertize stolen credit cards and other nasty stuff just drugs can someone sort me an invite cheers . making an account for this board and asking for invites on the very first post could potentially dissuade people from offering one may want to mingle a bit and make some friends . sorry was kind of douchey of me now that i reread this here ya go if you still need it man . i can see your point so will stick around for a while actually was hoping to get in touch with old friends whos stalls and emails went down . i can see your point so will stick around for a while actually was hoping to get in touch with old friends whos stalls and emails went down . sorry was kind of douchey of me now that i reread this here ya go if you still need it man . i can see your point so will stick around for a while actually was hoping to get in touch with old friends whos stalls and emails went down . i can see your point so will stick around for a while actually was hoping to get in touch with old friends whos stalls and emails went down . sorry was kind of douchey of me now that i reread this here ya go if you still need it man . sorry was kind of douchey of me now that i reread this here ya go if you still need it man . i didnt see it as douchey but more a lesson in subtlety . i didnt see it as douchey but more a lesson in subtlety . i didnt see it as douchey but more a lesson in subtlety . i didnt see it as douchey but more a lesson in subtlety . abraxas market is down including all alternative links and there is talk on ddw about an exit scam i really hope it is not the case of my favourite markets but cant help not thinking about the predicament of human greed peace . let s hope not . abraxas market is down including all alternative links and there is talk on ddw about an exit scam i really hope it is not the case of my favourite markets but cant help not thinking about the predicament of human greed peace . we re all doomed i am a new vendor with like in escrow . lets hope not . thank you we have lots of funds tied in escrow right now an exit scam would devastate not only our business but a small chunk of our lives for awhilecheers st . lets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers st . were all doomed i am a new vendor with like in escrow . quote from snacktime on november pmlets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers stalphabay was getting attacked so far thats all i have seen no word from other markets as of yet . a dos for ransom they are actually quite common from what i have seen also there are a variety of other explanations server maintenance taking longer than expected maybe security measure being implements huge influx in traffic from the bitcoin flux coin in and coin out when a market gets taken down by le or is the result of an exit scam you will rascally know immediately . quote from tyr on november stop reading the children on reddit its a dos attack it happens to all markets when they get big especially now with etc increase i hope you are right but what a do attack is got to do with btc value . thank you we have lots of funds tied in escrow right now an exit scam would devastate not only our business but a small chunk of our lives for awhilecheers st . lets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers st . were all doomed i am a new vendor with like in escrow . thank you we have lots of funds tied in escrow right now an exit scam would devastate not only our business but a small chunk of our lives for awhilecheers st . lets hope not . quote from tyr on november stop reading the children on reddit its a dos attack it happens to all markets when they get big especially now with etc increase i hope you are right but what a do attack is got to do with btc value . a dos for ransom they are actually quite common from what i have seen also there are a variety of other explanations server maintenance taking longer than expected maybe security measure being implements huge influx in traffic from the bitcoin flux coin in and coin out when a market gets taken down by le or is the result of an exit scam you will rascally know immediately . thank you we have lots of funds tied in escrow right now an exit scam would devastate not only our business but a small chunk of our lives for awhilecheers st . lets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers st . were all doomed i am a new vendor with like in escrow . quote from snacktime on november pmlets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers stalphabay was getting attacked so far thats all i have seen no word from other markets as of yet . a dos for ransom they are actually quite common from what i have seen also there are a variety of other explanations server maintenance taking longer than expected maybe security measure being implements huge influx in traffic from the bitcoin flux coin in and coin out when a market gets taken down by le or is the result of an exit scam you will rascally know immediately . quote from tyr on november stop reading the children on reddit its a dos attack it happens to all markets when they get big especially now with etc increase i hope you are right but what a do attack is got to do with btc value . lets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers st . quote from snacktime on november pmlets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers stwe love avengers was getting attacked so far that s all i have seen no word from other markets as of yet . quote from snacktime on november pmlets not jump to conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating to this cheers stalphabay was getting attacked so far thats all i have seen no word from other markets as of yet . abraxas market is down including all alternative links and there is talk on ddw about an exit scam i really hope it is not the case of my favourite markets but cant help not thinking about the predicament of human greed peace . quote from tyr on november stop reading the children on reddit its a dos attack it happens to all markets when they get big especially now with etc increase i hope you are right but what a do attack is got to do with btc value . a dos for ransom they are actually quite common from what i have seen also there are a variety of other explanations server maintenance taking longer than expected maybe security measure being implements huge influx in traffic from the bitcoin flux coin in and coin out when a market gets taken down by le or is the result of an exit scam you will rascally know immediately . abraxas market is down including all alternative links and there is talk on ddw about an exit scam i really hope it is not the case of my favourite markets but cant help not thinking about the predicament of human greed peace . lets hope not . we have a lot tied up in escrow there at the moment as well but we are optimistic it doesnt feel like all the other exit scams before this santa . alot has happened in the past month it seems like a few rare events regarding markets and bitcoins have put people in a state of worried frenzy this may be a good opportunity to explore what all this means to us personally as well as a whole it certainly has been exciting i hope that this all wasnt too good to be true and if it is than that is the way it is meant to be . alot has happened in the past month it seems like a few rare events regarding markets and bitcoins have put people in a state of worried frenzy this may be a good opportunity to explore what all this means to us personally as well as a whole it certainly has been exciting i hope that this all wasnt too good to be true and if it is than that is the way it is meant to be . we have a lot tied up in escrow there at the moment as well but we are optimistic it doesnt feel like all the other exit scams before this santa . we have a lot tied up in escrow there at the moment as well but we are optimistic it doesnt feel like all the other exit scams before this santa . alot has happened in the past month it seems like a few rare events regarding markets and bitcoins have put people in a state of worried frenzy this may be a good opportunity to explore what all this means to us personally as well as a whole it certainly has been exciting i hope that this all wasn t too good to be true and if it is than that is the way it is meant to be . alot has happened in the past month it seems like a few rare events regarding markets and bitcoins have put people in a state of worried frenzy this may be a good opportunity to explore what all this means to us personally as well as a whole it certainly has been exciting i hope that this all wasnt too good to be true and if it is than that is the way it is meant to be . we have a lot tied up in escrow there at the moment as well but we are optimistic it doesn t feel like all the other exit scams before this santa . 