quote from galindoi on july pmagora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoithanks for your response i look forward to doing business with you soon . agora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoi . i cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoi . quote from galindoi on july pmagora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoithanks for your response i look forward to doing business with you soon . can i trust that my btc will actually show up someone is selling sheets of up acid for great reviews for it everywhere i look except for one person i want to buy it but i saw a few threads on forums about peoples btc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts . i cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoi . i can t respond as a buyer don t have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms i ve found in light of that though the few transactions i ve had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoi . can i trust that my btc will actually show up someone is selling sheets of up acid for great reviews for it everywhere i look except for one person i want to buy it but i saw a few threads on forums about peoples btc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts . agora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals i m probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoi . quote from galindoi on july pmi cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoiis agora where most of your sales occur . quote from galindoi on july pmi can t respond as a buyer don t have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms i ve found in light of that though the few transactions i ve had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoiis agora where most of your sales occur . agora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoi . quote from galindoi on july pmagora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoithanks for your response i look forward to doing business with you soon . quote from galindoi on july pmi cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoiis agora where most of your sales occur . i cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoi . quote from galindoi on july pmagora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals i m probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoithanks for your response i look forward to doing business with you soon . agora is the bulk of my new customers but after an order or two most people are moving to direct deals im probably at agora and direct deals it has an ebb and flow to it galindoi . can i trust that my btc will actually show up someone is selling sheets of up acid for great reviews for it everywhere i look except for one person i want to buy it but i saw a few threads on forums about people s etc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts . quote from galindoi on july pmi cant respond as a buyer dont have any experience with depositing funds there but as a seller its all crickets over there not a lot of activity for mushrooms give found in light of that though the few transactions ive had went smooth customers finalized and i was able to transfer my funds several hundred dollars out of the system into my own wallets easily and with no hassle so grain of salt galindoiis agora where most of your sales occur . can i trust that my btc will actually show up someone is selling sheets of up acid for great reviews for it everywhere i look except for one person i want to buy it but i saw a few threads on forums about peoples btc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts . abraxas is a solid market i don t think you ll be disappointed and by the way it usually picks up in business when markets as big as agora are down . abraxas is a solid market i dont think youl be disappointed and by the way it usually picks up in business when markets as big as agora are down . abraxas is a solid market i dont think youl be disappointed and by the way it usually picks up in business when markets as big as agora are down . abraxas is a solid market i dont think youl be disappointed and by the way it usually picks up in business when markets as big as agora are down . so far abraxas has been so smooth and there s a good amount of vendors setting up shop there we love avengers has been fucking shit for the past couple of weeks don t know what s up there besides the influx of traffic from this week i am trying to verify some vendors on abraxas current but they seem to not check messages often . so far abraxas has been so smooth and theres a good amount of vendors setting up shop there alphabay has been fucking shit for the past couple of weeks dont know whats up there besides the influx of traffic from this week i am trying to verify some vendors on abraxas current but they seem to not check messages often . so far abraxas has been so smooth and theres a good amount of vendors setting up shop there alphabay has been fucking shit for the past couple of weeks dont know whats up there besides the influx of traffic from this week i am trying to verify some vendors on abraxas current but they seem to not check messages often . so far abraxas has been so smooth and theres a good amount of vendors setting up shop there alphabay has been fucking shit for the past couple of weeks dont know whats up there besides the influx of traffic from this week i am trying to verify some vendors on abraxas current but they seem to not check messages often . abraxas runs very well no issues so far with orders . abraxas runs very well no issues so far with orders . hey all made my first purchase on abraxas and i also fe d only because i have known the vendor for years everything was fine only thing i didnt like was the deposits have to confirm times before your acc is credited with btc cheers dolmio . hey all made my first purchase on abraxas and i also fe d only because i have known the vendor for years everything was fine only thing i didnt like was the deposits have to confirm times before your acc is credited with btc cheers dolmio . abraxas runs very well no issues so far with orders . abraxas runs very well no issues so far with orders . hey all made my first purchase on abraxas and i also fe d only because i have known the vendor for years everything was fine only thing i didnt like was the deposits have to confirm times before your acc is credited with btc cheers dolmio . hey all made my first purchase on abraxas and i also fe d only because i have known the vendor for years everything was fine only thing i didnt like was the deposits have to confirm times before your acc is credited with btc cheers dolmio . 