you can use veracrypt or truecrypt to encrypt a volume i know it works in linux but am not too sure if it works in windows i make volumes within the drive one hidden and one not so if you are made to give the password you can give the non hidden volume password and protect teh hidden volume hope this helps . thanks for the suggestion root . can anyone point me in the direction of how to hide the contents of a us stick with a password thanks in advance for any tips . i just use tails persistance for anything i need buried in the crypt works pretty good for me for secret text info but might be too small if youre trying to hide lots of big media files or something . but veracrypt has not been analysed as much and if you use tails youll be able to open a truecrypt volume but you need to setup an administration password luks is a great option too as it works well you wouldnt have the ability to setup a hidden volume though its up to you to decide if you need that or not . tails with persistence is nice easy and quite secure out of the box the only downside compared to running tails from a dvd and using an encrusted partition to save files needed across cessions is that if an attacker gets root on your system and modify it you are screwed while using the live dvd on each reboot you know you have a clean system as long as you started with a clean iso image but well if you are subject to target hacking there isnt that much you can do and its unlikely to happen if youre nothing more than a lurker or small time buyer . would it be better to run a tails dvd and save all your files to a seprate us keys txt files etc or is it just as safe to run a usb with persistant and truecrypt . put everything on the usb or break then up on a few of them i would even put tor on it make sure you use a good size one tor take up room this way nothing is on your harddrive when our done pull your stick cclean your computer . i thought that as long as i don t use javascript it s of thanks for confirming it . i see people warning when they share learned links i ve done the same but i m not sure exactly why i tend to use tor for everything and only use firefox when i watch videos so non onion forums i still browse on tor etc is it not ok to open a clearnet link in tor just wondering if there s anything i should or shouldn t be doing that could compromise open thanks in advance for any advice . i thought that as long as i don t use javascript it s of thanks for confirming it . the only thing i can think of is is being needed for some of those sites tor used to have noscrypt on by default and for some reason changed it a while back i turn it off everytime i start the browser a lot of clearnet links don t work right with js turned off and turning it on can hurt your anonimity . i see people warning when they share learned links i ve done the same but i m not sure exactly why i tend to use tor for everything and only use firefox when i watch videos so non onion forums i still browse on tor etc is it not ok to open a clearnet link in tor just wondering if there s anything i should or shouldn t be doing that could compromise open thanks in advance for any advice . the only thing i can think of is is being needed for some of those sites tor used to have noscrypt on by default and for some reason changed it a while back i turn it off everytime i start the browser a lot of clearnet links don t work right with js turned off and turning it on can hurt your anonimity . well there may be more issues to it as well i m just letting you know what i know would be a problem i m not a security guru just a run of the mill sys admin i ve not been staying abreast of the security side of things the way i should recently i m sure there is someone in this forum who s more qualified to answer than i am . well there may be more issues to it as well i m just letting you know what i know would be a problem i m not a security guru just a run of the mill sys admin i ve not been staying abreast of the security side of things the way i should recently i m sure there is someone in this forum who s more qualified to answer than i am . thanks for the link and enjoy . thanks for the link and enjoy . 