be support usually gets back to me in a few hours if your transaction is going for manual verification then you pretty much need to wait it out . my questions were courteously answered in between and hours quote from deemster on april pmi have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . i have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . i have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . my questions were courteously answered in between and hours quote from deemster on april pmi have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . be support usually gets back to me in a few hours if your transaction is going for manual verification then you pretty much need to wait it out . my questions were courteously answered in between and hours quote from deemster on april pmi have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . i have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . my questions were courteously answered in between and hours quote from deemster on april pmi have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . be support usually gets back to me in a few hours if your transaction is going for manual verification then you pretty much need to wait it out . be support usually gets back to me in a few hours if your transaction is going for manual verification then you pretty much need to wait it out . i have opened a ticket to support about a certain withdrawl that i need verifying asap as i have just noticed some are handled mutually and can take up to hours i am stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and if so how long did it take for them to get back to you thanks . on the weekends its a bit slower some days its minutes the guys are working hard . on the weekends its a bit slower some days its minutes the guys are working hard . on the weekends its a bit slower some days its minutes the guys are working hard . on the weekends its a bit slower some days its minutes the guys are working hard . 