quote from el presidente on april pmyes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done thanks a ton worked perfectly this will hopefully clear up some confusion for my customers scidmt . i was interested if there was a way to change the name of a pgp key that was created awhile ago for some reason i left the name as user and this causes a lot of confusion for buyers and they end up encrypting to the wrong key any help would be appreciated scidmt . yes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done . yes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done . quote from el presidente on april pmyes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done thanks a ton worked perfectly this will hopefully clear up some confusion for my customers scidmt . i was interested if there was a way to change the name of a pgp key that was created awhile ago for some reason i left the name as user and this causes a lot of confusion for buyers and they end up encrypting to the wrong key any help would be appreciated scidmt . yes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done . quote from el presidente on april pmyes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done thanks a ton worked perfectly this will hopefully clear up some confusion for my customers scidmt . i was interested if there was a way to change the name of a pgp key that was created awhile ago for some reason i left the name as user and this causes a lot of confusion for buyers and they end up encrypting to the wrong key any help would be appreciated scidmt . yes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done . quote from el presidente on april pmyes you need to update the uid which is the name part of the key what software are you using if you have gog installed just execute the folowing gpg edit key cb f adduid enter your new details when prompted and finale by hitting o for of deluid this will remove your original name save save and exit done thanks a ton worked perfectly this will hopefully clear up some confusion for my customers scidmt . i was interested if there was a way to change the name of a pgp key that was created awhile ago for some reason i left the name as user and this causes a lot of confusion for buyers and they end up encrypting to the wrong key any help would be appreciated scidmt . i myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i haven t been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe sci . quote from scidmt on november pmi myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i haven t been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe spirit doesn t matter how complicated your password is this is a hack not a phishing scam sci . i myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i havent been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe sci . quote from scidmt on november pmi myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i havent been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe spirit doesnt matter how complicated your password is this is a hack not a phishing scam sci . quote from scidmt on november pmi myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i havent been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe spirit doesnt matter how complicated your password is this is a hack not a phishing scam sci . i myself used dns to set up my personal shop and i thought they did a great job but my site was hacked on thursday and the passwords changed apparently dens uses old plug ins that are easy to hack i havent been able to get ahold of dns since there are multiply other vendors that have had this exact same thing happen please be safe sci . sorry to hear that what software had they installed for you . sorry to hear that what software had they installed for you . sorry to hear that what software had they installed for you . thats what i warned of months ago i gave very specific instructions on how to setup a hidden service if someone wanted to donate coin i could get lachesis scallion worked out with a better interface and more flexibility for users i could also put together a tutorial for people to follow . thats what i warned of months ago i gave very specific instructions on how to setup a hidden service if someone wanted to donate coin i could get lachesis scallion worked out with a better interface and more flexibility for users i could also put together a tutorial for people to follow . interesting . interesting . interesting . that s what i warned of months ago i gave very specific instructions on how to setup a hidden service if someone wanted to donate coin i could get lachesis scallion worked out with a better interface and more flexibility for users i could also put together a tutorial for people to follow . 