yeah heres a tip your too late unless you have access to free power and a ship ton of asics which cost a lot of then your piss out of luck . give been looking into the possibility of mining bitcoin and was wondering if anyone had any tips or helpful how to info sites any input is appreciated . yeah heres a tip your too late unless you have access to free power and a ship ton of asics which cost a lot of then your piss out of luck . give been looking into the possibility of mining bitcoin and was wondering if anyone had any tips or helpful how to info sites any input is appreciated . give been looking into the possibility of mining bitcoin and was wondering if anyone had any tips or helpful how to info sites any input is appreciated . yeah heres a tip your too late unless you have access to free power and a ship ton of asics which cost a lot of then your piss out of luck . wasting time and money for that the next btc want to release see here . wasting time and money for that the next btc want to release see here . wasting time and money for that the next btc want to release see here . genesis mining seems to be spitting out a few crypto at a reasonable rate im mining dash eth then moving those to an exchange and trading for etc all day night long . genesis mining seems to be spitting out a few crypto at a reasonable rate im mining dash eth then moving those to an exchange and trading for etc all day night long . genesis mining seems to be spitting out a few crypto at a reasonable rate im mining dash eth then moving those to an exchange and trading for etc all day night long . to me its like trying to set up shop with a legal weed store in colorado its an already tapped market i wouldnt waste money speculating on something that pays so poorly unless you have money and power to burn some scientist in kentucky just invented a machine that improves the mining process its very expensive sucks down a lot of juice and will set the curve id rather hunt for truffles or bet on the stock market or sports prove me wrong and make a fortune but i doubt it if it were that easy everyone would do it . i hear that give made more trading than mining crossing fingers etc price hike will compensate or accelerate profits further investigation reveals to me that mining is not really worth the effort unless you plan on instant trading . all replies are appreciated in going to definitely check out genesis mining couldnt hurt . mining btc is not profitable anymore if you dont have asics better mine some other cryptocurrencies and exchange them for btc . i put some cpu mining software on my burner to try and make some altcoins this way not profitable mine for hours got bytecoins bcn us dollar bytecoin my laptops cpu only made a maximum h s which is too damn slow cool idea in theory if you are already rich and have shitloads of free power and hardware then yea it could break even but hardly something elegant nowadays . 