hi all i am searching for a new market to use stumbled upon the east india company marketplace apparently it is an er centric market soooo anyone have any experience or stories about this market thanks . dont dont about east indian company but there are other well established markets like alphabet nucleus m e why only east india company alphabay is the best market from the current lot . hi all i am searching for a new market to use stumbled upon the east india company marketplace apparently it is an er centric market soooo anyone have any experience or stories about this market thanks . don t don t about east indian company but there are other well established markets like we love avengers nucleus m e why only east india company we love avengers is the best market from the current lot . dont dont about east indian company but there are other well established markets like alphabet nucleus m e why only east india company alphabay is the best market from the current lot . hi all i am searching for a new market to use stumbled upon the east india company marketplace apparently it is an er centric market soooo anyone have any experience or stories about this market thanks . dont dont about east indian company but there are other well established markets like alphabet nucleus m e why only east india company alphabay is the best market from the current lot . hi all i am searching for a new market to use stumbled upon the east india company marketplace apparently it is an er centric market soooo anyone have any experience or stories about this market thanks . thanks for the advice mate no particular reason for the eic i found a few favourable review so i thought i d give them a go ill check out alphabay . thanks for the advice mate no particular reason for the eic i found a few favourable review so i thought i d give them a go ill check out alphabay . thanks for the advice mate no particular reason for the eic i found a few favourable review so i thought i d give them a go ill check out alphabay . thanks for the advice mate no particular reason for the eic i found a few favourable review so i thought i d give them a go i ll check out we love avengers . 