i updated my post with the links of the sites any results . hello im looking to make a purchase from the site on the hiddin wiki known as black market or they said they have good comments on hub forums so i thought in make my own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know also another site known on the hiddin wiki as greenpaper counterfeiters or something like that or also again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know thank you for all of your . wondering if anyone knows for a fact . year give seen this site to and wonder how let it is . i updated my post with the links of the sites any results . hello im looking to make a purchase from the site on the hiddin wiki known as black market or they said they have good comments on hub forums so i thought in make my own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know also another site known on the hiddin wiki as greenpaper counterfeiters or something like that or also again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know thank you for all of your . hello im looking to make a purchase from the site on the hiddin wiki known as black market or they said they have good comments on hub forums so i thought in make my own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know also another site known on the hiddin wiki as greenpaper counterfeiters or something like that or also again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let me know thank you for all of your . wondering if anyone knows for a fact . wondering if anyone knows for a fact . in my experience any counterfiters on here are full of scam if you find some that are selling quatity possible notes for or less then lets us all know seriously i really want some fake bills to get back ay some guys who sold me some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo is fakes would serve me well i habe just never seen a legion currecy maker in all my days on the edb there wan like one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help me i mean who doenst wan a spend for please update this threaad . in my experience any counterfiters on here are full of scam if you find some that are selling quatity possible notes for or less then lets us all know seriously i really want some fake bills to get back ay some guys who sold me some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo is fakes would serve me well i habe just never seen a legion currecy maker in all my days on the edb there wan like one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help me i mean who doenst wan a spend for please update this threaad . year give seen this site to and wonder how let it is . in my experience any counterfiters on here are full of scam if you find some that are selling quatity possible notes for or less then lets us all know seriously i really want some fake bills to get back ay some guys who sold me some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo is fakes would serve me well i habe just never seen a legion currecy maker in all my days on the edb there wan like one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help me i mean who doenst wan a spend for please update this threaad . i updated my post with the links of the sites any results . year give seen this site to and wonder how let it is . 