below is the link to tripsit wives drug combo chart a lot of you have probably seen this but just in case here it is again dated clearnet hxxp wiki tripsit me with drug combinations . below is the link to tripsit wives drug combo chart a lot of you have probably seen this but just in case here it is again dated clearnet hxxp wiki tripsit me with drug combinations . below is the link to tripsit wives drug combo chart a lot of you have probably seen this but just in case here it is again dated clearnet hxxp wiki tripsit me with drug combinations . havent seen this before but like it a lot thanks for the link . wicked info buddy tx . haven t seen this before but like it a lot thanks for the link . wicked info buddy tx . wicked info buddy tx . havent seen this before but like it a lot thanks for the link . there is no mention of the dangers of mixing lsd and lithium theres alot of varying information out there but it seems as though this could be a very careful combination i recently discovered that when helping a freind interested in lsd see if he was prepared for it thankfully we found information from a few reliabel sources then led us to the conclusion that taking lsd while taking lithium isnt a good idea is this already common knowledge . there is no mention of the dangers of mixing lsd and lithium theres alot of varying information out there but it seems as though this could be a very careful combination i recently discovered that when helping a freind interested in lsd see if he was prepared for it thankfully we found information from a few reliabel sources then led us to the conclusion that taking lsd while taking lithium isnt a good idea is this already common knowledge . there is no mention of the dangers of mixing lsd and lithium theres alot of varying information out there but it seems as though this could be a very careful combination i recently discovered that when helping a freind interested in lsd see if he was prepared for it thankfully we found information from a few reliabel sources then led us to the conclusion that taking lsd while taking lithium isnt a good idea is this already common knowledge . this is good stuff here thanks . this is good stuff here thanks . this is good stuff here thanks . just bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow . quote from happyending on june pmjust bought tickets for the raffle confirmed tickets left . hello majestic gardeners welcome to the first tmg raffle we hope that this gains interest and will be the beginning of something we can do from time to time it will need the support of the members here which is you the funds raised will go towards prizes and to help run tmg to be a part of this all you need to do is buy a raffle ticket for there will be tickets up for grabs this time round and you can buy as many as you want post in this thread the amount of tickets you want and pm a mod once you have transferred the amount to get confirmation each member that enters will be noted at the bottom of this thread btc add for the raffle all tickets soldif you are uncomfortable using the public add then you are welcome to pm me for an alternative once all the tickets are sold the draw will take place by using a random number generator we already have the support from a few vendors who have contributed some prizes for the lucky winners main prize st prize ticket number luvyduvy orderofthephoenix x needlepoint up orderofthephoenix x needlepoint ug runner up prizes nd prize ticket number m ya destiny x dr walter up prize ticket number sonsofrainbow fartbomber x sunset up prize ticket number magicblues kittenhuffer x sunset ug to the winners and thank you to everyone that took part especially the vendors to claim your prize please post here then contact the appropriate vendor and state that you have won a prize in the lottery point them to this thread or the op so they can verify and then they should tell you how to proceed if a prize hasn t been claimed within weeks then we will find a new winner and try again to get that acid out there the winners of fartbombers and kittenhuffers prizes have to reside in countries that aren t listed as shipping restrictions to receive tabs otherwise they will receive a btc amount that can be spent on some other great acid here at the garden finally please leave a review trip report in the vendors threads when you have received your prize and let us know how happy you are love lighteth avengersgood luck have fun fingers crossed for some led participants happyending x magicblues x landojack x ami x psychedelicmind x m ya x hypotheticalbananas x pope x magicmountain x sonsofrainbow x pterofracty x luvyduvy x daypaul x jippi x doses lysergic x the happy x surname ll x dmawesome x ganahanskjellyfetti x walk to the ocean x xhpjib x sploodge x all tickets sold . just bought tickets for the raffle . i m buying tickets about to pay right now . quote from magicblues on june pmjust bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow confirmed quote from landojack on june pmim buying tickets about to pay right now confirmed thankyou for participating tickets left . just bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow . quote from happyending on june pmjust bought tickets for the raffle confirmed tickets left . quote from ami on june pmi just bought tickets confirmed tickets left . i bought tickets here is hoping . just bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow . hello majestic gardeners welcome to the first tmg raffle we hope that this gains interest and will be the beginning of something we can do from time to time it will need the support of the members here which is you the funds raised will go towards prizes and to help run tmg to be a part of this all you need to do is buy a raffle ticket for there will be tickets up for grabs this time round and you can buy as many as you want post in this thread the amount of tickets you want and pm a mod once you have transferred the amount to get confirmation each member that enters will be noted at the bottom of this thread btc add for the raffle all tickets soldif you are uncomfortable using the public add then you are welcome to pm me for an alternative once all the tickets are sold the draw will take place by using a random number generator we already have the support from a few vendors who have contributed some prizes for the lucky winners main prize st prize ticket number luvyduvy orderofthephoenix x needlepoint up orderofthephoenix x needlepoint ug runner up prizes nd prize ticket number m ya destiny x dr walter up prize ticket number sonsofrainbow fartbomber x sunset up prize ticket number magicblues kittenhuffer x sunset ug to the winners and thank you to everyone that took part especially the vendors to claim your prize please post here then contact the appropriate vendor and state that you have won a prize in the lottery point them to this thread or the op so they can verify and then they should tell you how to proceed if a prize hasn t been claimed within weeks then we will find a new winner and try again to get that acid out there the winners of fartbombers and kittenhuffers prizes have to reside in countries that aren t listed as shipping restrictions to receive tabs otherwise they will receive a btc amount that can be spent on some other great acid here at the garden finally please leave a review trip report in the vendors threads when you have received your prize and let us know how happy you are love lighteth avengersgood luck have fun fingers crossed for some led participants happyending x magicblues x landojack x ami x psychedelicmind x m ya x hypotheticalbananas x pope x magicmountain x sonsofrainbow x pterofracty x luvyduvy x daypaul x jippi x doses lysergic x the happy x surname ll x dmawesome x ganahanskjellyfetti x walk to the ocean x xhpjib x sploodge x all tickets sold . just bought tickets for the raffle . i just bought tickets . weeeeeee acid . i just bought tickets . quote from ami on june pmi just bought tickets confirmed tickets left . quote from magicblues on june pmjust bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow confirmed quote from landojack on june pmim buying tickets about to pay right now confirmed thankyou for participating tickets left . hello majestic gardeners welcome to the first tmg raffle we hope that this gains interest and will be the beginning of something we can do from time to time it will need the support of the members here which is you the funds raised will go towards prizes and to help run tmg to be a part of this all you need to do is buy a raffle ticket for there will be tickets up for grabs this time round and you can buy as many as you want post in this thread the amount of tickets you want and pm a mod once you have transferred the amount to get confirmation each member that enters will be noted at the bottom of this thread btc add for the raffle all tickets soldif you are uncomfortable using the public add then you are welcome to pm me for an alternative once all the tickets are sold the draw will take place by using a random number generator we already have the support from a few vendors who have contributed some prizes for the lucky winners main prize st prize ticket number luvyduvy orderofthephoenix x needlepoint up orderofthephoenix x needlepoint ug runner up prizes nd prize ticket number m ya destiny x dr walter up prize ticket number sonsofrainbow fartbomber x sunset up prize ticket number magicblues kittenhuffer x sunset ug to the winners and thank you to everyone that took part especially the vendors to claim your prize please post here then contact the appropriate vendor and state that you have won a prize in the lottery point them to this thread or the op so they can verify and then they should tell you how to proceed if a prize hasn t been claimed within weeks then we will find a new winner and try again to get that acid out there the winners of fartbombers and kittenhuffers prizes have to reside in countries that aren t listed as shipping restrictions to receive tabs otherwise they will receive a btc amount that can be spent on some other great acid here at the garden finally please leave a review trip report in the vendors threads when you have received your prize and let us know how happy you are love lighteth avengersgood luck have fun fingers crossed for some led participants happyending x magicblues x landojack x ami x psychedelicmind x m ya x hypotheticalbananas x pope x magicmountain x sonsofrainbow x pterofracty x luvyduvy x daypaul x jippi x doses lysergic x the happy x surname ll x dmawesome x ganahanskjellyfetti x walk to the ocean x xhpjib x sploodge x all tickets sold . just bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow . quote from happyending on june pmjust bought tickets for the raffle confirmed tickets left . i bought tickets here is hoping . hello majestic gardeners welcome to the first tmg raffle we hope that this gains interest and will be the beginning of something we can do from time to time it will need the support of the members here which is you the funds raised will go towards prizes and to help run tmg to be a part of this all you need to do is buy a raffle ticket for there will be tickets up for grabs this time round and you can buy as many as you want post in this thread the amount of tickets you want and pm a mod once you have transferred the amount to get confirmation each member that enters will be noted at the bottom of this thread btc add for the raffle all tickets soldif you are uncomfortable using the public add then you are welcome to pm me for an alternative once all the tickets are sold the draw will take place by using a random number generator we already have the support from a few vendors who have contributed some prizes for the lucky winners main prize st prize ticket number luvyduvy orderofthephoenix x needlepoint up orderofthephoenix x needlepoint ug runner up prizes nd prize ticket number m ya destiny x dr walter up prize ticket number sonsofrainbow fartbomber x sunset up prize ticket number magicblues kittenhuffer x sunset ug to the winners and thank you to everyone that took part especially the vendors to claim your prize please post here then contact the appropriate vendor and state that you have won a prize in the lottery point them to this thread or the op so they can verify and then they should tell you how to proceed if a prize hasn t been claimed within weeks then we will find a new winner and try again to get that acid out there the winners of fartbombers and kittenhuffers prizes have to reside in countries that aren t listed as shipping restrictions to receive tabs otherwise they will receive a btc amount that can be spent on some other great acid here at the garden finally please leave a review trip report in the vendors threads when you have received your prize and let us know how happy you are love lighteth avengersgood luck have fun fingers crossed for some led participants happyending x magicblues x landojack x ami x psychedelicmind x m ya x hypotheticalbananas x pope x magicmountain x sonsofrainbow x pterofracty x luvyduvy x daypaul x jippi x doses lysergic x the happy x surname ll x dmawesome x ganahanskjellyfetti x walk to the ocean x xhpjib x sploodge x all tickets sold . quote from magicblues on june pmjust bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow confirmed quote from landojack on june pmi m buying tickets about to pay right now confirmed thankyou for participating tickets left . quote from happyending on june pmjust bought tickets for the raffle confirmed tickets left . quote from ami on june pmi just bought tickets confirmed tickets left . just bought tickets for the raffle . weeeeeee acid . in buying tickets about to pay right now . i bought tickets here is hoping . quote from ami on june pmi just bought tickets confirmed tickets left . weeeeeee acid . i just bought tickets . i just bought tickets . just bought tickets for the raffle . weeeeeee acid . i bought tickets here is hoping . in buying tickets about to pay right now . in buying tickets about to pay right now . quote from magicblues on june pmjust bought two tickets i want to see the garden grow confirmed quote from landojack on june pmim buying tickets about to pay right now confirmed thankyou for participating tickets left . count me in for . if the winner never had oop hear your in for a treat . depending on how long it takes to sell tickets i may be sending out either white blotter or this new tangled print that i am trying either way enigmaticsmile is right big thanks to everyone else who is contributing and to bruce and other mods admins in the background making the raffle possible hosting these services is not free and the time it must take to keep everything up to date and running smoothly can not be small happy to be of help in anyway possible toward this community i know i ship internationally but does everyone who contributed lets lay out any restrictions now if there are any . depending on how long it takes to sell tickets i may be sending out either white blotter or this new tangled print that i am trying either way enigmaticsmile is right big thanks to everyone else who is contributing and to bruce and other mods admins in the background making the raffle possible hosting these services is not free and the time it must take to keep everything up to date and running smoothly can not be small happy to be of help in anyway possible toward this community i know i ship internationally but does everyone who contributed lets lay out any restrictions now if there are any . coughcoughfivepleasecoughcough . tickets please . coughcoughfivepleasecoughcough . depending on how long it takes to sell tickets i may be sending out either white blotter or this new tangled print that i am trying either way enigmaticsmile is right big thanks to everyone else who is contributing and to bruce and other mods admins in the background making the raffle possible hosting these services is not free and the time it must take to keep everything up to date and running smoothly can not be small happy to be of help in anyway possible toward this community i know i ship internationally but does everyone who contributed lets lay out any restrictions now if there are any . tickets please . if the winner never had oop hear your in for a treat . coughcoughfivepleasecoughcough . count me in for . if the winner never had oop hear your in for a treat . coughcoughfivepleasecoughcough . count me in for . tickets please . depending on how long it takes to sell tickets i may be sending out either white blotter or this new tangled print that i am trying either way enigmaticsmile is right big thanks to everyone else who is contributing and to bruce and other mods admins in the background making the raffle possible hosting these services is not free and the time it must take to keep everything up to date and running smoothly can not be small happy to be of help in anyway possible toward this community i know i ship internationally but does everyone who contributed lets lay out any restrictions now if there are any . tickets please . if the winner never had oop hear your in for a treat . count me in for . 