hello tmg members first of all im sorry if this is in the wrong place i couldnt find another section more suited for this which is completely understandable ll anyway in trying to make an order for changa on agora and my dumb ass didnt calculate something correctly and im just under short if anyone could help with a small donation i would be more than happy i will be making another purchase in a month of so and would be willing to pay you back edit here is the bitcoin address if youre willing id be so grateful btc add edited out and again in be more than happy to pay back the funds plus a few dollars . plate due to the bitcoin fluctuation i was actually able to place my order thats quite rare for me it always seems like btc drops solely because i purchased some anyway thanks to anyone who may have considered loaning for me . hello tmg members first of all im sorry if this is in the wrong place i couldnt find another section more suited for this which is completely understandable ll anyway in trying to make an order for changa on agora and my dumb ass didnt calculate something correctly and im just under short if anyone could help with a small donation i would be more than happy i will be making another purchase in a month of so and would be willing to pay you back edit here is the bitcoin address if youre willing id be so grateful btc add edited out and again in be more than happy to pay back the funds plus a few dollars . plate due to the bitcoin fluctuation i was actually able to place my order thats quite rare for me it always seems like btc drops solely because i purchased some anyway thanks to anyone who may have considered loaning for me . i started the process but by the time core was up you resolved the matter give been in this situation before and so far vendors have been open to helping me out on the little things either waiving shipping or doing a custom listing we should really have a spare coin thread . i started the process but by the time core was up you resolved the matter give been in this situation before and so far vendors have been open to helping me out on the little things either waiving shipping or doing a custom listing we should really have a spare coin thread . glad to hear it brother sister enjoy the changa . quote from dxuutx on march amwe should really have a spare coin threadbtc club thread right here candyflip i edited out your btc add i would recommend keeping that sort of information in pm if when its needed . thank you bruce for the edit and the referencethank you dxuutx for being willing and thank you dafunkfuzz i most definitely will ive only ever had issues trying to smoke freebase on its own so i figured changa would be the way to go hyperspace here i come . quote from dxuutx on march amwe should really have a spare coin threadbtc club thread right here candyflip i edited out your btc add i would recommend keeping that sort of information in pm if when its needed . thank you bruce for the edit and the referencethank you dxuutx for being willing and thank you dafunkfuzz i most definitely will ive only ever had issues trying to smoke freebase on its own so i figured changa would be the way to go hyperspace here i come . glad to hear it brother sister enjoy the changa . 