same here coins are over need to take a wash now because for the sweating . i can see more people are having the same problem i am sent coins from local this morning yes i use the right link block chain explorer says the summary completed confirmations the coins are listed as unconformed balance what is going on . sometime during the night my deposit went through and now im pulling all my balance out of my acct there an into another wallet hopefully that will go smoothly with no drama llama mystic . we are experiencing some temporary site problems we apologize for any inconvenience this might cause our team are working on the problem and we will have it resolved as quickly as possible thank you for your patience . the history is what makes us paranoid i have survived so many exit scams with few year around here that every fucking error gives the highest alert possible is there any forum admins moderators around here who could forward this problem straight to kaptenii faster so we dont have to wait weeks until he answers in support im got a good amount money that its lost dont know about the others but if someone can take the action now then please do it . exact same thing here i dont have a warm fuzzy feeling about this lucky for me it wasnt a large amount of money just enough to round out my balance if its still fubar when i get up in pulling my remaining funds out people are also bitching about non existence support mystic . i got the coins after hours had to buy like because of this bullshit . these temporary problems are going on for few days or more and you do not even make an open statement to forum or mailboxes just letting people to chase the money this is ridiculous when this problem will be fixed approximate and why do you not disable the deposits until then you know you have the problem but you still let people to deposit the money to the site without even giving them a zero warning exit scam alert . same for me hours of verified btc used the same link ive always used etc etc . how can the multi sig help right now when the depsit is locked . so fucked up many people seem to have this problem admin you better fix this problem before reddit and other large dnm communities will be alerted that you are running an exit scam fuck how can this be possible there hast been any updates on marketplace lately so suddenly a bug is too unreal . sheep what happened . learn to use mufti sig dont mean to be condescending i havent quite got round to it myself yet haha . quote from noumpalumpa on june amsheep what happened lesson . quote from narkomanz on june the history is what makes us paranoid i have survived so many exit scams with few year around here that every fucking error gives the highest alert possible i was referring to this comment multi sig means the site doesnt have control of your coin just a suggestion for future market use . quote from asiakaspalvelu on june amwe are experiencing some temporary site problems we apologize for any inconvenience this might cause our team are working on the problem and we will have it resolved as quickly as possible thank you for your patience omg they have a person here sort your shit out . there was a bug on sheep too look what happened there good luck guys . 