was on a market place site today and it says my tor browser has java script enabled how is that possible i dont see anywhere within the tor settings to enable or disable the javascript . look at the top there is an s next to the logo onion you can disable it there . look at the top there is an s next to the logo onion you can disable it there . was on a market place site today and it says my tor browser has java script enabled how is that possible i dont see anywhere within the tor settings to enable or disable the javascript . was on a market place site today and it says my tor browser has java script enabled how is that possible i dont see anywhere within the tor settings to enable or disable the javascript . look at the top there is an s next to the logo onion you can disable it there . was on a market place site today and it says my tor browser has java script enabled how is that possible i dont see anywhere within the tor settings to enable or disable the javascript . look at the top there is an s next to the logo onion you can disable it there . i see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well . i see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well . i see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well . yes just press the s on the upper left corner that will block all scripts including javascript flash etc disable them all you will not need them while browsing the dweb and they can be used to reveal your identity press the s button so that it looks with a red circle and reb bar crossing it all scripts disabled note that you will have to do this every time you update tor hope it helps . yes just press the s on the upper left corner that will block all scripts including javascript flash etc disable them all you will not need them while browsing the dweb and they can be used to reveal your identity press the s button so that it looks with a red circle and reb bar crossing it all scripts disabled note that you will have to do this every time you update tor hope it helps . yes just press the s on the upper left corner that will block all scripts including javascript flash etc disable them all you will not need them while browsing the dweb and they can be used to reveal your identity press the s button so that it looks with a red circle and reb bar crossing it all scripts disabled note that you will have to do this every time you update tor hope it helps . i see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well . yes just press the s on the upper left corner that will block all scripts including javascript flash etc disable them all you will not need them while browsing the dweb and they can be used to reveal your identity press the s button so that it looks with a red circle and reb bar crossing it all scripts disabled note that you will have to do this every time you update tor hope it helps . quote from trikydik on october ami see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well if you are using the torbrowser bundle you should absolutely not have flash and silverlight installed they are great big security holes and they wont work without javascript anyway which should also be turned off i would remove them immediately from my tbb firefox if i were you or better yet install your tub instance and install a new one the only plugin tbb comes with is script which blocks javascript from functioning and which you can customize for particular security levels however the best way to ensure javascript code never runs at all in your browser is to type about config in the uri window click through the warning and then type javascript in the search text window that appears below the uri window and click enter youll see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser . quote from paracelsus on october amquoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh yes many if not most websites use javascript these days and wont work very well or at all without it as i wrote in another thread a minute ago if you keep your tbb up to date and dont use windows it should be relatively safe to keep javascript turned on for regular browsing over tor when using darknet markets or other very sensitive le targets id still make sure javascript is shut off though . quote from trikydik on october ami see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well if you are using the torbrowser bundle you should absolutely not have flash and silverlight installed they are great big security holes and they wont work without javascript anyway which should also be turned off i would remove them immediately from my tbb firefox if i were you or better yet install your tub instance and install a new one the only plugin tbb comes with is script which blocks javascript from functioning and which you can customize for particular security levels however the best way to ensure javascript code never runs at all in your browser is to type about config in the uri window click through the warning and then type javascript in the search text window that appears below the uri window and click enter youll see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser . quoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh . quote from paracelsus on october amquoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh yes many if not most websites use javascript these days and wont work very well or at all without it as i wrote in another thread a minute ago if you keep your tbb up to date and dont use windows it should be relatively safe to keep javascript turned on for regular browsing over tor when using darknet markets or other very sensitive le targets id still make sure javascript is shut off though . quoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh . quoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh . quote from paracelsus on october amquoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh yes many if not most websites use javascript these days and wont work very well or at all without it as i wrote in another thread a minute ago if you keep your tbb up to date and dont use windows it should be relatively safe to keep javascript turned on for regular browsing over tor when using darknet markets or other very sensitive le targets id still make sure javascript is shut off though . quote from trikydik on october ami see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well if you are using the torbrowser bundle you should absolutely not have flash and silverlight installed they are great big security holes and they wont work without javascript anyway which should also be turned off i would remove them immediately from my tbb firefox if i were you or better yet install your tub instance and install a new one the only plugin tbb comes with is script which blocks javascript from functioning and which you can customize for particular security levels however the best way to ensure javascript code never runs at all in your browser is to type about config in the uri window click through the warning and then type javascript in the search text window that appears below the uri window and click enter youll see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser . quoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh . quote from paracelsus on october amquoteyoull see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser am i correct in saying that for some websites disabling javascript completely will break the website and render it intolerable that said dont get me started on noscript and tails bruuh yes many if not most websites use javascript these days and wont work very well or at all without it as i wrote in another thread a minute ago if you keep your tbb up to date and dont use windows it should be relatively safe to keep javascript turned on for regular browsing over tor when using darknet markets or other very sensitive le targets id still make sure javascript is shut off though . quote from trikydik on october ami see flash silverlight and other plugins should i disable them as well if you are using the torbrowser bundle you should absolutely not have flash and silverlight installed they are great big security holes and they wont work without javascript anyway which should also be turned off i would remove them immediately from my tbb firefox if i were you or better yet install your tub instance and install a new one the only plugin tbb comes with is script which blocks javascript from functioning and which you can customize for particular security levels however the best way to ensure javascript code never runs at all in your browser is to type about config in the uri window click through the warning and then type javascript in the search text window that appears below the uri window and click enter youll see a list of entries appear one of which is javascript enabled it will have a value of true with a new tbb install if you double click the true value it will toggle to false this way javascript is completely disabled for the browser . quote from flashy on november ami have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to thisive heard whonix by separating the web plumbing processes from their browser presentation protects one from a whole category of attacks im just not sure what those are and how it does so . i have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to this . i have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to this . quote from flashy on november ami have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to thisive heard whonix by separating the web plumbing processes from their browser presentation protects one from a whole category of attacks im just not sure what those are and how it does so . quote from flashy on november ami have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to thisive heard whonix by separating the web plumbing processes from their browser presentation protects one from a whole category of attacks im just not sure what those are and how it does so . i have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to this . i have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to this . quote from flashy on november ami have often thought about how phoenix might be a solution to thisive heard whonix by separating the web plumbing processes from their browser presentation protects one from a whole category of attacks im just not sure what those are and how it does so . good evening is agra down or having problems tried signing in captcha system appears to be having problems easy to read entered it in will fail times and then the th tells me my log in and password was wrong as well . good evening is agra down or having problems tried signing in captcha system appears to be having problems easy to read entered it in will fail times and then the th tells me my log in and password was wrong as well . good evening is agra down or having problems tried signing in captcha system appears to be having problems easy to read entered it in will fail times and then the th tells me my log in and password was wrong as well . good evening is agra down or having problems tried signing in captcha system appears to be having problems easy to read entered it in will fail times and then the th tells me my log in and password was wrong as well . now giving me user name and password incorrect is the beta still up or is this the actual site wondering if i have to re register . drag captcha into a new window and type in that captcha . now giving me user name and password incorrect is the beta still up or is this the actual site wondering if i have to re register . drag captcha into a new window and type in that captcha . drag captcha into a new window and type in that captcha . now giving me user name and password incorrect is the beta still up or is this the actual site wondering if i have to re register . drag captcha into a new window and type in that captcha . now giving me user name and password incorrect is the beta still up or is this the actual site wondering if i have to re register . its still beat no need to re register might of just forgotten your surname password . its still beat no need to re register might of just forgotten your surname password . its still beat no need to re register might of just forgotten your surname password . its still beat no need to re register might of just forgotten your surname password . 