yeah total ripper site if youre looking for weapons stick to major markets . no worries yeah the problem with wikis is that anyone is allowed to edit the pages so you cant really take their word for it even established marketplaces may have phishing links in their place instead of the correct ones if you ever need any official links to a commercial site then visit this helps and always shout out if you need anymore help have a fun and safe journey through the dark web . after checking out the site some more i noticed quite a few red flags i just cant stomach paying markup its insane i cant believe people pay that on markets like agora and such i dont see myself paying almost for a used gun . thanks i asked cause tor wiki has them listed as verified . one hell of big scam . anybody ever done business with them . no theyre not let at all . yeah total ripper site if youre looking for weapons stick to major markets . no worries yeah the problem with wikis is that anyone is allowed to edit the pages so you cant really take their word for it even established marketplaces may have phishing links in their place instead of the correct ones if you ever need any official links to a commercial site then visit this helps and always shout out if you need anymore help have a fun and safe journey through the dark web . no worries yeah the problem with wikis is that anyone is allowed to edit the pages so you cant really take their word for it even established marketplaces may have phishing links in their place instead of the correct ones if you ever need any official links to a commercial site then visit this helps and always shout out if you need anymore help have a fun and safe journey through the dark web . after checking out the site some more i noticed quite a few red flags i just cant stomach paying markup its insane i cant believe people pay that on markets like agora and such i dont see myself paying almost for a used gun . thanks i asked cause tor wiki has them listed as verified . one hell of big scam . anybody ever done business with them . no theyre not let at all . after checking out the site some more i noticed quite a few red flags i just cant stomach paying markup its insane i cant believe people pay that on markets like agora and such i dont see myself paying almost for a used gun . no worries yeah the problem with wikis is that anyone is allowed to edit the pages so you cant really take their word for it even established marketplaces may have phishing links in their place instead of the correct ones if you ever need any official links to a commercial site then visit this helps and always shout out if you need anymore help have a fun and safe journey through the dark web . yeah total ripper site if youre looking for weapons stick to major markets . no theyre not let at all . after checking out the site some more i noticed quite a few red flags i just cant stomach paying markup its insane i cant believe people pay that on markets like agora and such i dont see myself paying almost for a used gun . no theyre not let at all . one hell of big scam . anybody ever done business with them . thanks i asked cause tor wiki has them listed as verified . one hell of big scam . anybody ever done business with them . thanks i asked cause tor wiki has them listed as verified . yeah total ripper site if youre looking for weapons stick to major markets . its the darkweb theres gon na be a hell of a markup on the let vendors mainly due to them marketing to buyers in countries with strict weapon policies do you live in the u s there are other methods at obtaining guns anonymously rather then buying them on tor not the pop n drop kind with like bodies attached to it but either new or legitimate guns let me know if youre interested in knowing le already knows about this method for decades so its no big secret its just with the lack of resource and man power its hard to enforce . its the darkweb theres gon na be a hell of a markup on the let vendors mainly due to them marketing to buyers in countries with strict weapon policies do you live in the u s there are other methods at obtaining guns anonymously rather then buying them on tor not the pop n drop kind with like bodies attached to it but either new or legitimate guns let me know if youre interested in knowing le already knows about this method for decades so its no big secret its just with the lack of resource and man power its hard to enforce . its the darkweb theres gon na be a hell of a markup on the let vendors mainly due to them marketing to buyers in countries with strict weapon policies do you live in the u s there are other methods at obtaining guns anonymously rather then buying them on tor not the pop n drop kind with like bodies attached to it but either new or legitimate guns let me know if youre interested in knowing le already knows about this method for decades so its no big secret its just with the lack of resource and man power its hard to enforce . its the darkweb theres gon na be a hell of a markup on the let vendors mainly due to them marketing to buyers in countries with strict weapon policies do you live in the u s there are other methods at obtaining guns anonymously rather then buying them on tor not the pop n drop kind with like bodies attached to it but either new or legitimate guns let me know if youre interested in knowing le already knows about this method for decades so its no big secret its just with the lack of resource and man power its hard to enforce . im up north where there are quite a few reservations through which guns travel freely across the border in fact a large portion of the border is completely unguarded and can simply be walked across guns are easy to get if you know the right people which i do not anymore and they are legal here the canadian msrps are pretty close to the us ones but the hoops through which you have to jump to get a license only a perfect citizen can pass the rcmp investigation . im up north where there are quite a few reservations through which guns travel freely across the border in fact a large portion of the border is completely unguarded and can simply be walked across guns are easy to get if you know the right people which i do not anymore and they are legal here the canadian msrps are pretty close to the us ones but the hoops through which you have to jump to get a license only a perfect citizen can pass the rcmp investigation . im up north where there are quite a few reservations through which guns travel freely across the border in fact a large portion of the border is completely unguarded and can simply be walked across guns are easy to get if you know the right people which i do not anymore and they are legal here the canadian msrps are pretty close to the us ones but the hoops through which you have to jump to get a license only a perfect citizen can pass the rcmp investigation . im up north where there are quite a few reservations through which guns travel freely across the border in fact a large portion of the border is completely unguarded and can simply be walked across guns are easy to get if you know the right people which i do not anymore and they are legal here the canadian msrps are pretty close to the us ones but the hoops through which you have to jump to get a license only a perfect citizen can pass the rcmp investigation . ahhh i got ya if you even make a trip to the south of the u s the best methods i find are either traveling gun shows or ordering out of magazines classifieds like soldier of fortune sof you will find a ton of right wing nuts at the gun shows and they dont hate anything more than the federal government also like i said before le already knows about this trade for decades so no harm in giving it out there is only so much the feds can do ya know it goes the same with deep web markets do understand that yes they do know about us and wish to take us down however there are also much larger fish to fry i e terrorism large scale trafficking of drugs and humans foreign relations and well you get the idea always let me know if you ever have questions my friend . firearm vendors with brain will ship the guns in pieces buying gun pieces allowed buying guns not allowed so before you ever buy a gun ask first how he will ship it . the funny thing about the us is buying a firearm legally can be no different than buying one on a dnm there are sites such as armslist com where you can buy a gun just like you would buy a laptop on craigslist the people that sell guns on these sites are for the most part right wing nuts as boogie said some may ask to see your id but it is only to see if you are a resident of the same state they may glance at it to verify this but none actually care who you are or anything about you also while you have to be years of age to buy a firearm from a licence dealer you only have to be years of age to purchase one in a private sale so not only is it many times easier and anonymous to buy a firearm this way the rules around it are also many times more relaxed . the funny thing about the us is buying a firearm legally can be no different than buying one on a dnm there are sites such as armslist com where you can buy a gun just like you would buy a laptop on craigslist the people that sell guns on these sites are for the most part right wing nuts as boogie said some may ask to see your id but it is only to see if you are a resident of the same state they may glance at it to verify this but none actually care who you are or anything about you also while you have to be years of age to buy a firearm from a licence dealer you only have to be years of age to purchase one in a private sale so not only is it many times easier and anonymous to buy a firearm this way the rules around it are also many times more relaxed . the funny thing about the us is buying a firearm legally can be no different than buying one on a dnm there are sites such as armslist com where you can buy a gun just like you would buy a laptop on craigslist the people that sell guns on these sites are for the most part right wing nuts as boogie said some may ask to see your id but it is only to see if you are a resident of the same state they may glance at it to verify this but none actually care who you are or anything about you also while you have to be years of age to buy a firearm from a licence dealer you only have to be years of age to purchase one in a private sale so not only is it many times easier and anonymous to buy a firearm this way the rules around it are also many times more relaxed . the funny thing about the us is buying a firearm legally can be no different than buying one on a dnm there are sites such as armslist com where you can buy a gun just like you would buy a laptop on craigslist the people that sell guns on these sites are for the most part right wing nuts as boogie said some may ask to see your id but it is only to see if you are a resident of the same state they may glance at it to verify this but none actually care who you are or anything about you also while you have to be years of age to buy a firearm from a licence dealer you only have to be years of age to purchase one in a private sale so not only is it many times easier and anonymous to buy a firearm this way the rules around it are also many times more relaxed . ahhh i got ya if you even make a trip to the south of the u s the best methods i find are either traveling gun shows or ordering out of magazines classifieds like soldier of fortune sof you will find a ton of right wing nuts at the gun shows and they dont hate anything more than the federal government also like i said before le already knows about this trade for decades so no harm in giving it out there is only so much the feds can do ya know it goes the same with deep web markets do understand that yes they do know about us and wish to take us down however there are also much larger fish to fry i e terrorism large scale trafficking of drugs and humans foreign relations and well you get the idea always let me know if you ever have questions my friend . firearm vendors with brain will ship the guns in pieces buying gun pieces allowed buying guns not allowed so before you ever buy a gun ask first how he will ship it . ahhh i got ya if you even make a trip to the south of the u s the best methods i find are either traveling gun shows or ordering out of magazines classifieds like soldier of fortune sof you will find a ton of right wing nuts at the gun shows and they dont hate anything more than the federal government also like i said before le already knows about this trade for decades so no harm in giving it out there is only so much the feds can do ya know it goes the same with deep web markets do understand that yes they do know about us and wish to take us down however there are also much larger fish to fry i e terrorism large scale trafficking of drugs and humans foreign relations and well you get the idea always let me know if you ever have questions my friend . firearm vendors with brain will ship the guns in pieces buying gun pieces allowed buying guns not allowed so before you ever buy a gun ask first how he will ship it . firearm vendors with brain will ship the guns in pieces buying gun pieces allowed buying guns not allowed so before you ever buy a gun ask first how he will ship it . ahhh i got ya if you even make a trip to the south of the u s the best methods i find are either traveling gun shows or ordering out of magazines classifieds like soldier of fortune sof you will find a ton of right wing nuts at the gun shows and they dont hate anything more than the federal government also like i said before le already knows about this trade for decades so no harm in giving it out there is only so much the feds can do ya know it goes the same with deep web markets do understand that yes they do know about us and wish to take us down however there are also much larger fish to fry i e terrorism large scale trafficking of drugs and humans foreign relations and well you get the idea always let me know if you ever have questions my friend . thanks for the info boogie and evilgrin i was aware of the selling out of trucks at gun shows but did not know about magazine classifieds pirate market maybe domestically but i doubt its legal to ship gun pieces across the border especially to someone without the necessary paper work . thanks for the info boogie and evilgrin i was aware of the selling out of trucks at gun shows but did not know about magazine classifieds pirate market maybe domestically but i doubt its legal to ship gun pieces across the border especially to someone without the necessary paper work . thanks for the info boogie and evilgrin i was aware of the selling out of trucks at gun shows but did not know about magazine classifieds pirate market maybe domestically but i doubt its legal to ship gun pieces across the border especially to someone without the necessary paper work . thanks for the info boogie and evilgrin i was aware of the selling out of trucks at gun shows but did not know about magazine classifieds pirate market maybe domestically but i doubt its legal to ship gun pieces across the border especially to someone without the necessary paper work . 