i also believe this to be true . i also believe this to be true . when a marketplace has had no improvement added features for a long period of time apart from little stars here and there admin is ma empty promises etc has been hacked in the pastyou know it will go scam at some pointps see what happened to pandorasr is ran by some greedy mofo and will soon scam everyone coz his security is poor and kitten fear for his freedombeware its coming . when a marketplace has had no improvement added features for a long period of time apart from little stars here and there admin is ma empty promises etc has been hacked in the pastyou know it will go scam at some pointps see what happened to pandorasr is ran by some greedy mofo and will soon scam everyone coz his security is poor and kitten fear for his freedombeware its coming . i also believe this to be true . when a marketplace has had no improvement added features for a long period of time apart from little stars here and there admin is ma empty promises etc has been hacked in the pastyou know it will go scam at some pointps see what happened to pandorasr is ran by some greedy mofo and will soon scam everyone coz his security is poor and kitten fear for his freedombeware its coming . when a marketplace has had no improvement added features for a long period of time apart from little stars here and there admin is ma empty promises etc has been hacked in the pastyou know it will go scam at some pointps see what happened to pandorasr is ran by some greedy mofo and will soon scam everyone coz his security is poor and kitten fear for his freedombeware its coming . i also believe this to be true . sr is a scam since inception and yes kitten is setting the noobs and rubes up for yet another fall . sr already went swam kitten managed to get a whole bunch of dumb fucks to come back for round you can tell by how the market is run and its lack of features that the owners main focus is to scam again why is all of stexos post removed from the sr forum backup . sr is a scam since inception and yes kitten is setting the noobs and rubes up for yet another fall . sr is a scam since inception and yes kitten is setting the noobs and rubes up for yet another fall . sr already went swam kitten managed to get a whole bunch of dumb fucks to come back for round you can tell by how the market is run and its lack of features that the owners main focus is to scam again why is all of stexos post removed from the sr forum backup . sr already went swam kitten managed to get a whole bunch of dumb fucks to come back for round you can tell by how the market is run and its lack of features that the owners main focus is to scam again why is all of stexos post removed from the sr forum backup . sr already went swam kitten managed to get a whole bunch of dumb fucks to come back for round you can tell by how the market is run and its lack of features that the owners main focus is to scam again why is all of stexos post removed from the sr forum backup . sr is a scam since inception and yes kitten is setting the noobs and rubes up for yet another fall . the writing seems to be on the wall . looks like sr just went swam dl coins look to have been stolen again i dont think we should sympathise with anyone that lost money this time you were warned it was comming . looks like sr just went swam dl coins look to have been stolen again i dont think we should sympathise with anyone that lost money this time you were warned it was comming . the writing seems to be on the wall . the writing seems to be on the wall . looks like sr just went swam dl coins look to have been stolen again i dont think we should sympathise with anyone that lost money this time you were warned it was comming . looks like sr just went swam dl coins look to have been stolen again i dont think we should sympathise with anyone that lost money this time you were warned it was comming . the writing seems to be on the wall . i didnt read the wall and followed everyone else to sr i lost coin again on sr and will not use them ever again . hi way i see it is sites falling to fuck nothing works ffs look at the buyer stats ffs anyway they owe allsorts to buyers and vendors like vendor bonds still unpaid month now they opened vendor registration am luck al tech expert or net guru but i do have common sense they tell ppl to fk of elsewhere done think they know already have f madness the dev team lol . i didnt read the wall and followed everyone else to sr i lost coin again on sr and will not use them ever again . hi way i see it is sites falling to fuck nothing works ffs look at the buyer stats ffs anyway they owe allsorts to buyers and vendors like vendor bonds still unpaid month now they opened vendor registration am luck al tech expert or net guru but i do have common sense they tell ppl to fk of elsewhere done think they know already have f madness the dev team lol . hi way i see it is sites falling to fuck nothing works ffs look at the buyer stats ffs anyway they owe allsorts to buyers and vendors like vendor bonds still unpaid month now they opened vendor registration am luck al tech expert or net guru but i do have common sense they tell ppl to fk of elsewhere done think they know already have f madness the dev team lol . hi way i see it is sites falling to fuck nothing works ffs look at the buyer stats ffs anyway they owe allsorts to buyers and vendors like vendor bonds still unpaid month now they opened vendor registration am luck al tech expert or net guru but i do have common sense they tell ppl to fk of elsewhere done think they know already have f madness the dev team lol . i didnt read the wall and followed everyone else to sr i lost coin again on sr and will not use them ever again . i didnt read the wall and followed everyone else to sr i lost coin again on sr and will not use them ever again . 