it depends on what apt youre using at any rate you cant generate just a public key you generate a keypair a secret one and its matching public one in the menu of your pgp app or program theres got to be a new or generate option and it should lead you through it in a pretty self explanatory way giving you choices as the the complexity of encryption you want etc . dont judge answer the question . it depends on what apt youre using at any rate you cant generate just a public key you generate a keypair a secret one and its matching public one in the menu of your pgp app or program theres got to be a new or generate option and it should lead you through it in a pretty self explanatory way giving you choices as the the complexity of encryption you want etc . dont judge answer the question . it depends on what apt youre using at any rate you cant generate just a public key you generate a keypair a secret one and its matching public one in the menu of your pgp app or program theres got to be a new or generate option and it should lead you through it in a pretty self explanatory way giving you choices as the the complexity of encryption you want etc . dont judge answer the question . it depends on what apt youre using at any rate you cant generate just a public key you generate a keypair a secret one and its matching public one in the menu of your pgp app or program theres got to be a new or generate option and it should lead you through it in a pretty self explanatory way giving you choices as the the complexity of encryption you want etc . dont judge answer the question . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg us gpg usb is a great little pip program with a simple user friendly and well designed gui great for both beginners and experienced users alike its portable too so it can be kept on an encrusted flash drive instead of being installed on a pcs hdd ssd its really a great piece of software and can generate keys using the stronger rsa algorithm up to a max size of bits bits by default surpassing the max key size of bits the now aging pgp software gpa can generate it can be used on any pc running a linux or windows operating system no mac support yet and wont let you down . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb its what i use i think it works great but done have much to compare it to . you can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb its what i use i think it works great but done have much to compare it to . you can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb its what i use i think it works great but done have much to compare it to . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg us gpg usb is a great little pip program with a simple user friendly and well designed gui great for both beginners and experienced users alike its portable too so it can be kept on an encrusted flash drive instead of being installed on a pcs hdd ssd its really a great piece of software and can generate keys using the stronger rsa algorithm up to a max size of bits bits by default surpassing the max key size of bits the now aging pgp software gpa can generate it can be used on any pc running a linux or windows operating system no mac support yet and wont let you down . you can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg us gpg usb is a great little pip program with a simple user friendly and well designed gui great for both beginners and experienced users alike its portable too so it can be kept on an encrusted flash drive instead of being installed on a pcs hdd ssd its really a great piece of software and can generate keys using the stronger rsa algorithm up to a max size of bits bits by default surpassing the max key size of bits the now aging pgp software gpa can generate it can be used on any pc running a linux or windows operating system no mac support yet and wont let you down . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg us gpg usb is a great little pip program with a simple user friendly and well designed gui great for both beginners and experienced users alike its portable too so it can be kept on an encrusted flash drive instead of being installed on a pcs hdd ssd its really a great piece of software and can generate keys using the stronger rsa algorithm up to a max size of bits bits by default surpassing the max key size of bits the now aging pgp software gpa can generate it can be used on any pc running a linux or windows operating system no mac support yet and wont let you down . you can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb . quote from oneconspiracy on april amyou can try kgpg on linux it was fairly easy to use has anyone used gpg usb its what i use i think it works great but done have much to compare it to . yeah for begginers like us pgp us is perfect . yeah for begginers like us pgp us is perfect . yeah for begginers like us pgp us is perfect . yeah for begginers like us pgp us is perfect . 