hi im just posting here because im looking around for a chemist who will talk to me about synthesizing mdma lsd dmt and mescaline im a chemistry student and i have some questions about how the black market works what im most curious about is how to obtain law equipment and precursors for lsd i cant find ergotamine tartrate on any market and its not really something i can make myself i have found safrole but where could i go to do something like this without causing some sort of disturbance because of fumes i am seriously considering moving to another country because my personal opinion is that producing these psychedelics is genuinely a sort of holy work i read that william leopard pickard was thinking of moving to holland at one point i wonder how he was able to get kilos of et thanks for reading and if youd like to talk please message me or at least leave a post give been looking for a long time for someone to talk to about these things . hi im just posting here because im looking around for a chemist who will talk to me about synthesizing mdma lsd dmt and mescaline im a chemistry student and i have some questions about how the black market works what im most curious about is how to obtain law equipment and precursors for lsd i cant find ergotamine tartrate on any market and its not really something i can make myself i have found safrole but where could i go to do something like this without causing some sort of disturbance because of fumes i am seriously considering moving to another country because my personal opinion is that producing these psychedelics is genuinely a sort of holy work i read that william leopard pickard was thinking of moving to holland at one point i wonder how he was able to get kilos of et thanks for reading and if youd like to talk please message me or at least leave a post give been looking for a long time for someone to talk to about these things . hi im just posting here because im looking around for a chemist who will talk to me about synthesizing mdma lsd dmt and mescaline im a chemistry student and i have some questions about how the black market works what im most curious about is how to obtain law equipment and precursors for lsd i cant find ergotamine tartrate on any market and its not really something i can make myself i have found safrole but where could i go to do something like this without causing some sort of disturbance because of fumes i am seriously considering moving to another country because my personal opinion is that producing these psychedelics is genuinely a sort of holy work i read that william leopard pickard was thinking of moving to holland at one point i wonder how he was able to get kilos of et thanks for reading and if youd like to talk please message me or at least leave a post give been looking for a long time for someone to talk to about these things . could someone link me to another darknet forum where i might find someone to talk to . p nd s on agora . p nd s on agora . wont let me register i forgot my old accounts password would anyone let me use an old account if they have one i cant offer anything in return . could someone link me to another darknet forum where i might find someone to talk to . wont let me register i forgot my old accounts password would anyone let me use an old account if they have one i cant offer anything in return . could someone link me to another darknet forum where i might find someone to talk to . p nd s on agora . wont let me register i forgot my old accounts password would anyone let me use an old account if they have one i cant offer anything in return . 