so far my method has been squire btc sending to blockchainwalletsend to electrum walletsend to helixsend to various market wallet as for direct deals with vendors i need a solid and safe wallet to keep the final coins in after the helix tumbling i suppose i could make another electrum wallet and i will if its the safest but something about accessing several different wallets of mine on electrum on tail persistance and not having a login logout system makes me uncomfortable can anyone recommend a final wallet for direct deals . so far my method has been squire btc sending to blockchainwalletsend to electrum walletsend to helixsend to various market wallet as for direct deals with vendors i need a solid and safe wallet to keep the final coins in after the helix tumbling i suppose i could make another electrum wallet and i will if it s the safest but something about accessing several different wallets of mine on electrum on tail persistance and not having a login logout system makes me uncomfortable can anyone recommend a final wallet for direct deals . why do you use tails that on a gb and all of your problems are solved use electrum also mycelium over tor is of as well . is there a reason not to use tails . why do you use tails that on a gb and all of your problems are solved use electrum also mycelium over tor is of as well . is there a reason not to use tails . gammagoblin pushingtabu it onion entheogenesis for us domestic highly esteemed give yet to have the pleasure personally though . there is no section for mescaline nor do i hear it mentioned often does anyone have much experience with the compound and or recommend a good vendor . the vendor suggested is top in my experience mescaline mg mg gives you a philosophical way of thinking such who am i what is my role in the universe is my way of living right it gives you many opportunities of using deeper your mind at the end of the experience leaves you pretty weary but a good sleep is the cure stevemba . goodman on dream market is also a reputed vendor i suspect that his mescaline comes from the same source of gammagoblin . a i agree with the opening of a special topic for mescaline on avengers information comments discussions section would be very important for this community . the cross tolerance mescaline lsd is scientifically proved and with psilocibine too because the three are all agonists of htrpta best regardsstevemba . quote from dxuutx on february amgammagoblin pushingtabu it onion entheogenesis for us domestic highly esteemed give yet to have the pleasure personally though asked just in time and caught enthogenesiss sale ive had great experience with him before through dhl and am very excited to chat with the mescalito quote from blue haze on february pma i agree with the opening of a special topic for mescaline on avengers information comments discussions section would be very important for this community second would be nice to have its own section . anyone know if masculine cross tolerates with led im assuming it doesnt with oral dmt either we sometimes throw small parties in the woods where we go camping and bring a generator with some speakers and spend a few days tripping in trying to find out what psychedelics would be ideal for a couple of days while still getting a fulfilling experience . quote from serioustripping on february amanyone know if masculine cross tolerates with led im assuming it doesnt with oral dmt either yes it is cross tolerant i dont know by how much but there are numerous studies confirming this they both work on the ht a receptor see section ligands agonists . my pgp key has expired i remedies this by changing the expiration date to a later time now my current public pgp key is slightly different than the original is that normal changing pip keys makes me nervous assuming the change is normal will i now need to re encode the messages made while my key was expired thanks for your help ftc . yeah the pgp keys change if any setting is modifiedyou also have to change you public key in all places i dont think you will be able to decrypt messages using the old key anymore . 