just found out my login isnt working i used it just yesterday and everything was of when i logged out but i m trying now with the same password and im not able to get in no breaking way anyone could have guessed because its a letter generated paw good thing is that i had only hump change over there so haven t lost anythingi was going to order g mdma now which is the next best market seen reccomendations for outlaw but it looks awful really it makes agra look like a designing marvel im a sucker for gui no way im using thatdhl has a bunch of known vendors is it a good place to order from nucleus had some problems recently so i m not sure if i should go there looking for any inputs . thanks for the link yes i saw the section i ve never placed an direct order before so its still kinda sinking it no more going to markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed . you have everything you need right here . i m sure you are correct most of the mods are carders and thieves who don t need a second invitation to steal someone s coins . in sure you are correct most of the mods are carders and thieves who dont need a second invitation to steal someones coins . thanks for the link yes i saw the section give never placed an direct order before so its still kinda sinking it no more going to markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed . just found out my login isnt working i used it just yesterday and everything was of when i logged out but in trying now with the same password and im not able to get in no breaking way anyone could have guessed because its a letter generated paw good thing is that i had only hump change over there so haven lost anythingi was going to order g mdma now which is the next best market seen reccomendations for outlaw but it looks awful really it makes agra look like a designing marvel im a sucker for gui no way im using thatdhl has a bunch of known vendors is it a good place to order from nucleus had some problems recently so in not sure if i should go there looking for any inputs . you have everything you need right here . in sure you are correct most of the mods are carders and thieves who dont need a second invitation to steal someones coins . i believe they have dirty mods on ab . i m actively avoiding the markets the only advantage markets have is crow buying from a vendor directly here is like having to fe on the markets but you avoid having to send money to the market where you are susceptible to being wished or having the admins either take your cash directly or in an exit scam every day people are claiming that their money is being stolen on ab i think it s easier here to establish trust with a vendor and not to have to worry about a market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders in limbo if a vendor starts scamming here it s evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money long live tmg . i believe they have dirty mods on ab . im actively avoiding the markets the only advantage markets have is crow buying from a vendor directly here is like having to fe on the markets but you avoid having to send money to the market where you are susceptible to being wished or having the admins either take your cash directly or in an exit scam every day people are claiming that their money is being stolen on ab i think its easier here to establish trust with a vendor and not to have to worry about a market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders in limbo if a vendor starts scamming here its evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money long live tmg . just found out my login isnt working i used it just yesterday and everything was of when i logged out but i m trying now with the same password and im not able to get in no breaking way anyone could have guessed because its a letter generated paw good thing is that i had only hump change over there so haven t lost anythingi was going to order g mdma now which is the next best market seen reccomendations for outlaw but it looks awful really it makes agra look like a designing marvel im a sucker for gui no way im using thatdhl has a bunch of known vendors is it a good place to order from nucleus had some problems recently so i m not sure if i should go there looking for any inputs . you have everything you need right here . i m actively avoiding the markets the only advantage markets have is crow buying from a vendor directly here is like having to fe on the markets but you avoid having to send money to the market where you are susceptible to being wished or having the admins either take your cash directly or in an exit scam every day people are claiming that their money is being stolen on ab i think it s easier here to establish trust with a vendor and not to have to worry about a market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders in limbo if a vendor starts scamming here it s evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money long live tmg . i believe they have dirty mods on ab . just found out my login isnt working i used it just yesterday and everything was of when i logged out but in trying now with the same password and im not able to get in no breaking way anyone could have guessed because its a letter generated paw good thing is that i had only hump change over there so haven lost anythingi was going to order g mdma now which is the next best market seen reccomendations for outlaw but it looks awful really it makes agra look like a designing marvel im a sucker for gui no way im using thatdhl has a bunch of known vendors is it a good place to order from nucleus had some problems recently so in not sure if i should go there looking for any inputs . in sure you are correct most of the mods are carders and thieves who dont need a second invitation to steal someones coins . thanks for the link yes i saw the section give never placed an direct order before so its still kinda sinking it no more going to markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed . you have everything you need right here . i believe they have dirty mods on ab . just found out my login isnt working i used it just yesterday and everything was of when i logged out but in trying now with the same password and im not able to get in no breaking way anyone could have guessed because its a letter generated paw good thing is that i had only hump change over there so haven lost anythingi was going to order g mdma now which is the next best market seen reccomendations for outlaw but it looks awful really it makes agra look like a designing marvel im a sucker for gui no way im using thatdhl has a bunch of known vendors is it a good place to order from nucleus had some problems recently so in not sure if i should go there looking for any inputs . thanks for the link yes i saw the section give never placed an direct order before so its still kinda sinking it no more going to markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed . im actively avoiding the markets the only advantage markets have is crow buying from a vendor directly here is like having to fe on the markets but you avoid having to send money to the market where you are susceptible to being wished or having the admins either take your cash directly or in an exit scam every day people are claiming that their money is being stolen on ab i think its easier here to establish trust with a vendor and not to have to worry about a market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders in limbo if a vendor starts scamming here its evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money long live tmg . i m sure you are correct most of the mods are carders and thieves who don t need a second invitation to steal someone s coins . thanks for the link yes i saw the section i ve never placed an direct order before so its still kinda sinking it no more going to markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed . i believe they have dirty mods on ab . you have everything you need right here . im actively avoiding the markets the only advantage markets have is crow buying from a vendor directly here is like having to fe on the markets but you avoid having to send money to the market where you are susceptible to being wished or having the admins either take your cash directly or in an exit scam every day people are claiming that their money is being stolen on ab i think its easier here to establish trust with a vendor and not to have to worry about a market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders in limbo if a vendor starts scamming here its evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money long live tmg . quote from dardush on january pmyou have everything you need right here me to it dardush we have a disputes section here if something goes wrong we try to only keep imputable vendors on our nice little home here on the blackwebz . quote from dardush on january pmyou have everything you need right here me to it dardush we have a disputes section here if something goes wrong we try to only keep imputable vendors on our nice little home here on the blackwebz . quote from dardush on january pmyou have everything you need right here me to it dardush we have a disputes section here if something goes wrong we try to only keep imputable vendors on our nice little home here on the blackwebz . quote from dardush on january pmyou have everything you need right here me to it dardush we have a disputes section here if something goes wrong we try to only keep imputable vendors on our nice little home here on the blackwebz . quote from dardush on january pmyou have everything you need right here me to it dardush we have a disputes section here if something goes wrong we try to only keep imputable vendors on our nice little home here on the blackwebz . i have to make a transaction on ab but in wondering if i have to go though with it or north scam reports are making me uneasy . i have to make a transaction on ab but i m wondering if i have to go though with it or north scam reports are making me uneasy . i have to make a transaction on ab but in wondering if i have to go though with it or north scam reports are making me uneasy . i have to make a transaction on ab but in wondering if i have to go though with it or north scam reports are making me uneasy . i have to make a transaction on ab but i m wondering if i have to go though with it or north scam reports are making me uneasy . 