hi i need some one to help me with the ins and outs of electric wallets i have one installed anyways it never seems to want to connect i have tried many diff tcp servers and use socks anyone have any sound advice or can anyone reccomend a different superior wallet i have heard of armory or something also blockchain but canyou use that in tor this would be a sending wallet btw . you need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port . i think i finally got electric figured out if you cant click on the red network button to change the settings restart the program turn on socks set to port try switching servers periodically if it wont connect sometimes it just takes forever to connect though . quote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails . you need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port . hi i need some one to help me with the ins and outs of electric wallets i have one installed anyways it never seems to want to connect i have tried many diff tcp servers and use socks anyone have any sound advice or can anyone reccomend a different superior wallet i have heard of armory or something also blockchain but canyou use that in tor this would be a sending wallet btw . you need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port . hi i need some one to help me with the ins and outs of electric wallets i have one installed anyways it never seems to want to connect i have tried many diff tcp servers and use socks anyone have any sound advice or can anyone reccomend a different superior wallet i have heard of armory or something also blockchain but canyou use that in tor this would be a sending wallet btw . i think i finally got electric figured out if you cant click on the red network button to change the settings restart the program turn on socks set to port try switching servers periodically if it wont connect sometimes it just takes forever to connect though . quote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails . i think i finally got electric figured out if you can t click on the red network button to change the settings restart the program turn on socks set to port try switching servers periodically if it won t connect sometimes it just takes forever to connect though . quote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails is there a safer and or better wallet for anon vending all i know of is electric blockchain and armoury . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails is there a safer and or better wallet for anon vending all i know of is electric blockchain and armoury . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails is there a safer and or better wallet for anon vending all i know of is electric blockchain and armoury . finally got it to connect earlier now it wont connect to the server any ideas is it safe to just use tcp and a hidden server do i really need a proxy it is working without one . finally got it to connect earlier now it wont connect to the server any ideas is it safe to just use tcp and a hidden server do i really need a proxy it is working without one . finally got it to connect earlier now it won t connect to the server any ideas is it safe to just use tcp and a hidden server do i really need a proxy it is working without one . heardopsec it is . it is very annoying to enter this password for each message i recieve does anyone know how to aviod putting in your password each time . heardopsec it is . it can be a pain in the ass but think about this scenario feds break down your door no time to hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages is that one single password not that it would come down to that just the principle that your password is to stop someone else from reading your messages if they get on your cpu . it is very annoying to enter this password for each message i recieve does anyone know how to aviod putting in your password each time . it can be a pain in the ass but think about this scenario feds break down your door no time to hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages is that one single password not that it would come down to that just the principle that your password is to stop someone else from reading your messages if they get on your cpu . it is very annoying to enter this password for each message i recieve does anyone know how to aviod putting in your password each time . it can be a pain in the ass but think about this scenario feds break down your door no time to hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages is that one single password not that it would come down to that just the principle that your password is to stop someone else from reading your messages if they get on your cpu . heardopsec it is . it is very annoying to enter this password for each message i recieve does anyone know how to aviod putting in your password each time . it can be a pain in the ass but think about this scenario feds break down your door no time to hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages is that one single password not that it would come down to that just the principle that your password is to stop someone else from reading your messages if they get on your cpu . heardopsec it is . quote from rhettbutler on april pmheardopsec it is make sure you do that a small thing to do to keep ourselves safe . quote from rhettbutler on april pmheardopsec it is make sure you do that a small thing to do to keep ourselves safe . quote from rhettbutler on april pmheardopsec it is make sure you do that a small thing to do to keep ourselves safe . quote from rhettbutler on april pmheardopsec it is make sure you do that a small thing to do to keep ourselves safe . am i just being impatient have it set to connect to ckl ob gypcu onion this worked fine before my temp leave should i just wait it out for the connection i have tried other servers and they did not connect either any advice would be greatly appreciated cheers rhett . am i just being impatient have it set to connect to ckl ob gypcu onion this worked fine before my temp leave should i just wait it out for the connection i have tried other servers and they did not connect either any advice would be greatly appreciated cheers rhett . also is it really that bad to just auto connect being as i am already connected thru a tor node . also is it really that bad to just auto connect being as i am already connected thru a tor node . also is it really that bad to just auto connect being as i am already connected thru a tor node . am i just being impatient have it set to connect to ckl ob gypcu onion this worked fine before my temp leave should i just wait it out for the connection i have tried other servers and they did not connect either any advice would be greatly appreciated cheers rhett . am i just being impatient have it set to connect to ckl ob gypcu onion this worked fine before my temp leave should i just wait it out for the connection i have tried other servers and they did not connect either any advice would be greatly appreciated cheers rhett . also is it really that bad to just auto connect being as i am already connected thru a tor node . offering a bounty for details on cashing out btc and similar information please pgp pm me for questions we will discuss bounty then as well cheers rhett . thanks scroat connected today . thanks scroat connected today . im not sure on this so i dont expect any reward or anything but cant you just sell your btc through local bitcoins its anonymous that way as youd be getting cash for btc and also you can typical charge more per btc than any of the other exchanges if you live in a particularly small city i think you can also accept moneypaks . offering a bounty for details on cashing out btc and similar information please pgp pm me for questions we will discuss bounty then as well cheers rhett . im not sure on this so i don t expect any reward or anything but can t you just sell your btc through local bitcoins it s anonymous that way as you d be getting cash for btc and also you can typical charge more per btc than any of the other exchanges if you live in a particularly small city i think you can also accept moneypaks . im not sure on this so i dont expect any reward or anything but cant you just sell your btc through local bitcoins its anonymous that way as youd be getting cash for btc and also you can typical charge more per btc than any of the other exchanges if you live in a particularly small city i think you can also accept moneypaks . the hub guide for using electrum on tails . offering a bounty for details on cashing out btc and similar information please pgp pm me for questions we will discuss bounty then as well cheers rhett . im not sure on this so i dont expect any reward or anything but cant you just sell your btc through local bitcoins its anonymous that way as youd be getting cash for btc and also you can typical charge more per btc than any of the other exchanges if you live in a particularly small city i think you can also accept moneypaks . thanks scroat connected today . the hub guide for using electrum on tails . thanks scroat connected today . the hub guide for using electrum on tails . offering a bounty for details on cashing out btc and similar information please pgp pm me for questions we will discuss bounty then as well cheers rhett . the hub guide for using electrum on tails . like kushmaster says local bitcoins would be the easiest place to sell coins selling coins for wash vouchers will often get more per coin than any other method if selling for wash make sure you have the voucher code before releasing coins to buyer i sold a few coins this way without issue id put the ukash on to a poker account and would either withdraw the money myself in any of the ways the site allowed or in pass lose some to friends so they can cash out . like kushmaster says local bitcoins would be the easiest place to sell coins selling coins for wash vouchers will often get more per coin than any other method if selling for wash make sure you have the voucher code before releasing coins to buyer i sold a few coins this way without issue i d put the ukash on to a poker account and would either withdraw the money myself in any of the ways the site allowed or i d pass lose some to friends so they can cash out . like kushmaster says local bitcoins would be the easiest place to sell coins selling coins for wash vouchers will often get more per coin than any other method if selling for wash make sure you have the voucher code before releasing coins to buyer i sold a few coins this way without issue id put the ukash on to a poker account and would either withdraw the money myself in any of the ways the site allowed or in pass lose some to friends so they can cash out . like kushmaster says local bitcoins would be the easiest place to sell coins selling coins for wash vouchers will often get more per coin than any other method if selling for wash make sure you have the voucher code before releasing coins to buyer i sold a few coins this way without issue id put the ukash on to a poker account and would either withdraw the money myself in any of the ways the site allowed or in pass lose some to friends so they can cash out . quote from strangeangels on may pmit might be that you re trying to connect to a specific server which isn t running at the time this i ve tried different onion servers and none are connecting wanted to do some trading anyway to access my wallet without using electrum or do you know of a working server . quote from strangeangels on may pmit might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time this give tried different onion servers and none are connecting wanted to do some trading anyway to access my wallet without using electrum or do you know of a working server . this works for me first i navigate using the command line into the folder where the wallet program is then i run the command electrum exe p socks localhost where electric exe is the file name of my wallet program the wallet window appears and takes a couple of minutes to sync up and then my balance appears in the lower left corner and im good to go of course tor has to be running at the time so the wallet can connect it might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time . quote from strangeangels on may pmit might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time this give tried different onion servers and none are connecting wanted to do some trading anyway to access my wallet without using electrum or do you know of a working server . just stopping by to rant may should have found the ranting thread but anyways electrum has not connected in like days wtf i need some money anyone have advice cheers rhett . this works for me first i navigate using the command line into the folder where the wallet program is then i run the command electrum exe p socks localhost where electric exe is the file name of my wallet program the wallet window appears and takes a couple of minutes to sync up and then my balance appears in the lower left corner and i m good to go of course tor has to be running at the time so the wallet can connect it might be that you re trying to connect to a specific server which isn t running at the time . just stopping by to rant may should have found the ranting thread but anyways electrum has not connected in like days wtf i need some money anyone have advice cheers rhett . quote from strangeangels on may pmit might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time this give tried different onion servers and none are connecting wanted to do some trading anyway to access my wallet without using electrum or do you know of a working server . just stopping by to rant may should have found the ranting thread but anyways electrum has not connected in like days wtf i need some money anyone have advice cheers rhett . this works for me first i navigate using the command line into the folder where the wallet program is then i run the command electrum exe p socks localhost where electric exe is the file name of my wallet program the wallet window appears and takes a couple of minutes to sync up and then my balance appears in the lower left corner and im good to go of course tor has to be running at the time so the wallet can connect it might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time . just stopping by to rant may should have found the ranting thread but anyways electrum has not connected in like days wtf i need some money anyone have advice cheers rhett . this works for me first i navigate using the command line into the folder where the wallet program is then i run the command electrum exe p socks localhost where electric exe is the file name of my wallet program the wallet window appears and takes a couple of minutes to sync up and then my balance appears in the lower left corner and im good to go of course tor has to be running at the time so the wallet can connect it might be that youre trying to connect to a specific server which isnt running at the time . the ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert . the ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert . the ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert . the ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but i m not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but i m not sure they are all gone if you re using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but i m not a security expert . quote from oldisgold on may pmthe ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but i m not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but i m not sure they are all gone if you re using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but i m not a security expert it is my understanding that for to work tor browser bundle has to be running works independently of that as long as you have the standalone tor package installed which tails has again though i use deb and am no expert in tails . quote from oldisgold on may pmthe ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert it is my understanding that for to work tor browser bundle has to be running works independently of that as long as you have the standalone tor package installed which tails has again though i use deb and am no expert in tails . quote from oldisgold on may pmthe ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert it is my understanding that for to work tor browser bundle has to be running works independently of that as long as you have the standalone tor package installed which tails has again though i use deb and am no expert in tails . quote from oldisgold on may pmthe ckl obj gypcu onion should work but make sure your own port in electrum is set to and not the port of server is and tcp is enabled the tor browser bundle was dated to connect to this port connects pretty fast from my experience you could also try to use the auto connect feature but im not sure how safe it is definitely plate to the latest electrum version first older versions had some features that could leak your ip most of these things have been fixed but im not sure they are all gone if youre using tails it should be fine i think since it routes through tor by default but im not a security expert it is my understanding that for to work tor browser bundle has to be running works independently of that as long as you have the standalone tor package installed which tails has again though i use deb and am no expert in tails . thate makes sense a lot of sense not a one size fits all but still simple enough . thate makes sense a lot of sense not a one size fits all but still simple enough . the protocol part depends on the server youre trying to connect to i havent been able to use cal obj gypcu onion in a while but i had some luck with electrumh alorp onion both use tcp the listening port depends on how you have to set up if youre using tails for example or other linux with tor package installed you can use if you only have the browser bundle you have to use . rascally just set the network settings to this right protocol sslproxy socks where it says local host . the protocol part depends on the server you re trying to connect to i haven t been able to use cal obj gypcu onion in a while but i had some luck with electrumh alorp onion both use tcp the listening port depends on how you have to set up if you re using tails for example or other linux with tor package installed you can use if you only have the browser bundle you have to use . thate makes sense a lot of sense not a one size fits all but still simple enough . rascally just set the network settings to this right protocol sslproxy socks where it says local host . the protocol part depends on the server youre trying to connect to i havent been able to use cal obj gypcu onion in a while but i had some luck with electrumh alorp onion both use tcp the listening port depends on how you have to set up if youre using tails for example or other linux with tor package installed you can use if you only have the browser bundle you have to use . thate makes sense a lot of sense not a one size fits all but still simple enough . rascally just set the network settings to this right protocol sslproxy socks where it says local host . the protocol part depends on the server youre trying to connect to i havent been able to use cal obj gypcu onion in a while but i had some luck with electrumh alorp onion both use tcp the listening port depends on how you have to set up if youre using tails for example or other linux with tor package installed you can use if you only have the browser bundle you have to use . rascally just set the network settings to this right protocol sslproxy socks where it says local host . havent been able to access my coins in weeks edit fixed linux make sure ibusd is running or electrum will break . i have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet . havent been able to access my coins in weeks edit fixed linux make sure ibusd is running or electrum will break . i have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet . haven t been able to access my coins in weeks edit fixed linux make sure ibusd is running or electrum will break . i have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor i m using tails so i m pretty sure i can t accidentally connect via clearnet . havent been able to access my coins in weeks edit fixed linux make sure ibusd is running or electrum will break . i have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet . quote from tediousdark on june ami have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet what do you mean by normal server i want to make sure im not doing the same thing . quote from tediousdark on june ami have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet what do you mean by normal server i want to make sure im not doing the same thing . quote from tediousdark on june ami have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor i m using tails so i m pretty sure i can t accidentally connect via clearnet what do you mean by normal server i want to make sure i m not doing the same thing . quote from tediousdark on june ami have just been connecting to the normal electrum servers through tor im using tails so in pretty sure i cant accidentally connect via clearnet what do you mean by normal server i want to make sure im not doing the same thing . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails i ve been waiting for a definition answer about this as well port is the only way i ve been able to get a connection using electrum on tails anyone also for some reason electric insists on using instead of whenever i enter it changes it to i don t understand the difference or what it means exactly can any of you enlighten me and is this ok after much trial and error i ve found these settings to work very well tv ajsstuovkutzn onion ssl yes pray socks localhost i d feel much better if someone more knowledgeable than myself could comment on whether or not these settings are other . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails give been waiting for a definition answer about this as well port is the only way give been able to get a connection using electrum on tails anyone also for some reason electric insists on using instead of whenever i enter it changes it to i done understand the difference or what it means exactly can any of you enlighten me and is this ok after much trial and error ive found these settings to work very well tv ajsstuovkutzn onion ssl yes pray socks localhost in feel much better if someone more knowledgeable than myself could comment on whether or not these settings are other . quote from scroat on april pmquote from inanna on april amyou need to give us more into what distribution of linux and version of tor are you using tub runs on port otherwise is standard port should i be using port for electrum on the latest version of tails give been waiting for a definition answer about this as well port is the only way give been able to get a connection using electrum on tails anyone also for some reason electric insists on using instead of whenever i enter it changes it to i done understand the difference or what it means exactly can any of you enlighten me and is this ok after much trial and error ive found these settings to work very well tv ajsstuovkutzn onion ssl yes pray socks localhost in feel much better if someone more knowledgeable than myself could comment on whether or not these settings are other . 