many people use sigaint also have can only send email to onion providers an alternative is not free though mail tor com seem to host everything on the same node on a vps probably not that secure did read that lelantos did run tor on the same machine as the mail servers not sure if it s true don t know anything about torbox sigaint says he have a great setup seems like he tries his best impossible to know which one you can trust disable javascript encrypt everything always consider your email provider compromise and act accordingly . sigaint is the simplest i recommend it . many people use sigaint also have can only send email to onion providers an alternative is not free though mail tor com seem to host everything on the same node on a vps probably not that secure did read that lelantos did run tor on the same machine as the mail servers not sure if its true dont know anything about torbox sigaint says he have a great setup seems like he tries his best impossible to know which one you can trust disable javascript encrypt everything always consider your email provider compromise and act accordingly . sigaint is the simplest i recommend it . apologies nothing showed up when i searched for this but can anyone reccomend any good onion based email providers . apologies nothing showed up when i searched for this but can anyone reccomend any good onion based email providers . apologies nothing showed up when i searched for this but can anyone reccomend any good onion based email providers . many people use sigaint also have can only send email to onion providers an alternative is not free though mail tor com seem to host everything on the same node on a vps probably not that secure did read that lelantos did run tor on the same machine as the mail servers not sure if its true dont know anything about torbox sigaint says he have a great setup seems like he tries his best impossible to know which one you can trust disable javascript encrypt everything always consider your email provider compromise and act accordingly . sigaint is the simplest i recommend it . thanks for the help guys . thanks for the help guys . thanks for the help guys . i also recommend saint super simple gives you a onion email address and everything . i also recommend saint super simple gives you a onion email address and everything . i also recommend saint super simple gives you a onion email address and everything . 