possibly good for ata enhanced secure erase definitely not good to rely on for fde . possibly good for ata enhanced secure erase definitely not good to rely on for fde . we use he encrusted us drives they are as and fips compliant the device implements aes sha and anti x rng in fips approved mode the devices if bought off shelf or online rest assured there is a backdoor available by the manufacturer weve harden our drives it by adding an additional sw layer of encryption . say what you will about the so called trusted computing group but properly configured i believe self encrypting drives are a great part of a total security system posture especially if you take precautions like disabling sleep or any way to soft reset absolutely shouldn be the entirety or majority of your security but i havent read a lot about seds here what do the smarter people than i think about them they arent as susceptible to evil maid attacks as just software based total drive encryption . bit rijndael aes via a hardware co processor . we use he encrusted us drives they are as and fips compliant the device implements aes sha and anti x rng in fips approved mode the devices if bought off shelf or online rest assured there is a backdoor available by the manufacturer weve harden our drives it by adding an additional sw layer of encryption . would you happen to know what the encryption algorithm is . the trusted commputing group certified disks are the better ones generally as they allow you to do something that most other seds dont namely the ability to change your encryption key all other seds ship with factory set data encryption keys and just allow you to re encrypt the data encryption key but not the data the underlying key is immutable go figure yes a tcg certified sed aka opal sed but done forget to change the factory set data encryption key always use lurks or other software disk crypto on top with different passphrase for better defense in depth disable suspend mode too or it could be for nothing when you need it the most much love . bit rijndael aes via a hardware co processor . say what you will about the so called trusted computing group but properly configured i believe self encrypting drives are a great part of a total security system posture especially if you take precautions like disabling sleep or any way to soft reset absolutely shouldn be the entirety or majority of your security but i havent read a lot about seds here what do the smarter people than i think about them they arent as susceptible to evil maid attacks as just software based total drive encryption . would you happen to know what the encryption algorithm is . the trusted commputing group certified disks are the better ones generally as they allow you to do something that most other seds dont namely the ability to change your encryption key all other seds ship with factory set data encryption keys and just allow you to re encrypt the data encryption key but not the data the underlying key is immutable go figure yes a tcg certified sed aka opal sed but done forget to change the factory set data encryption key always use lurks or other software disk crypto on top with different passphrase for better defense in depth disable suspend mode too or it could be for nothing when you need it the most much love . 