hello guys do you have any feedback about topdeals he got a very large offer with good prices i would like to know if we can trust him thanks . hello guys do you have any feedback about topdeals he got a very large offer with good prices i would like to know if we can trust him thanks . read this black bl j taluhwidx onion index php topic . read this black bl j taluhwidx onion index php topic . hello guys do you have any feedback about topdeals he got a very large offer with good prices i would like to know if we can trust him thanks . hello guys do you have any feedback about topdeals he got a very large offer with good prices i would like to know if we can trust him thanks . read this black bl j taluhwidx onion index php topic . read this black bl j taluhwidx onion index php topic . top deals are as bad as scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash on bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc no stone at all cant even give this rubbish away even in messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking it whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing is many drolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash is everywhere the idea of these markets is to avoid these dodge cunts . top deals are as bad as scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash on bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc no stone at all cant even give this rubbish away even in messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking it whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing is many drolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash is everywhere the idea of these markets is to avoid these dodge cunts . top deals are as bad as scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash on bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc no stone at all cant even give this rubbish away even in messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking it whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing is many drolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash is everywhere the idea of these markets is to avoid these dodge cunts . top deals are as bad as scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash on bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc no stone at all cant even give this rubbish away even in messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking it whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing is many drolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash is everywhere the idea of these markets is to avoid these dodge cunts . 