lookin for the king of mama stealthbomber from agora someone please point me in the right direction . . hes on dhl actually last seen hours ago . . lookin for the king of mama stealthbomber from agora someone please point me in the right direction . hes on dhl actually last seen hours ago . . lookin for the king of mama stealthbomber from agora someone please point me in the right direction . hes on dhl actually last seen hours ago . check point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders . check point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders . check point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders . cp himself posted on the dhl forums i believe . quote from bonobo on january pmcheck point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders is there any elegant prove to this as in le bust at one of the pressing hubs . even i came across a post that his lab was busted makes me a bit suspicious why would he post that in the first place and that also means there are leaks in his organization and the cops are investigating him . quote from bonobo on january pmcheck point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders is there any elegant prove to this as in le bust at one of the pressing hubs . whatever happened to that bungee dude . even i came across a post that his lab was busted makes me a bit suspicious why would he post that in the first place and that also means there are leaks in his organization and the cops are investigating him . even i came across a post that his lab was busted makes me a bit suspicious why would he post that in the first place and that also means there are leaks in his organization and the cops are investigating him . whatever happened to that bungee dude . cp himself posted on the dhl forums i believe . cp himself posted on the dhl forums i believe . quote from bonobo on january pmcheck point had a bust in one of his pill pressing units so people think its not safe to order from him anymore atleast for a while ive used cp long ago though how is is stealth these days for g orders is there any elegant prove to this as in le bust at one of the pressing hubs . whatever happened to that bungee dude . find him on dhl give been using him lots . find him on dhl give been using him lots . find him on dhl give been using him lots . quote from cyclonewatson on january amfind him on dhl give been using him lotswhats the average turn around i made my first order with him a while ago to have a variety other than cp i keep reading things about how hes on and off with shipping times . quote from cyclonewatson on january amfind him on dhl give been using him lotswhats the average turn around i made my first order with him a while ago to have a variety other than cp i keep reading things about how hes on and off with shipping times . quote from cyclonewatson on january amfind him on dhl give been using him lotswhats the average turn around i made my first order with him a while ago to have a variety other than cp i keep reading things about how hes on and off with shipping times . how is the stealth of stealthbomber and his product thanks ahead . its nothing to write home about but got the job done when i ordered from him a while back i wouldnt have issue ordering again from him . its nothing to write home about but got the job done when i ordered from him a while back i wouldnt have issue ordering again from him . how is the stealth of stealthbomber and his product thanks ahead . how is the stealth of stealthbomber and his product thanks ahead . its nothing to write home about but got the job done when i ordered from him a while back i wouldnt have issue ordering again from him . 