i myself have not heard of dark wallet but my real question is about your username are you referring to the philosopher kierkegaard with the name knight of faith . dark wallet is rascally a bitcoin wallet with built in features like coin mixing and other attributes that help with anonimity seems like a lot of big name programmers that follow the bitcoin ideology are working on this wallet and also on what i believe is a p p marketplace called the dark market its cool how much progress has been made with this tech and yes it is the concept of the knight of faith is a big interest to me especially that it requires a total willingness to accept the divine absurd despite reality i think that this mindset is similar to schizophrenia psychosis in a way i still have a lot more to learn and glad someone caught the reference . hey all glad to be a part of this community anyone here have any insight on how darkwallet is coming along i know its still in alpha but was curious if anyone here is using it and your opinion on it seems like a well thought out wallet and the people working on it seem to know their shit . dark wallet is rascally a bitcoin wallet with built in features like coin mixing and other attributes that help with anonimity seems like a lot of big name programmers that follow the blond wig ideology are working on this wallet and also on what i believe is a p p marketplace called the dark market its cool how much progress has been made with this tech and yes it is the concept of the knight of faith is a big interest to me especially that it requires a total willingness to accept the divine absurd despite reality i think that this mindset is similar to schizophrenia psychosis in a way i still have a lot more to learn and glad someone caught the reference . hey all glad to be a part of this community anyone here have any insight on how darkwallet is coming along i know its still in alpha but was curious if anyone here is using it and your opinion on it seems like a well thought out wallet and the people working on it seem to know their shit . i myself have not heard of dark wallet but my real question is about your username are you referring to the philosopher kierkegaard with the name knight of faith . i myself have not heard of dark wallet but my real question is about your username are you referring to the philosopher kierkegaard with the name knight of faith . dark wallet is rascally a bitcoin wallet with built in features like coin mixing and other attributes that help with anonimity seems like a lot of big name programmers that follow the bitcoin ideology are working on this wallet and also on what i believe is a p p marketplace called the dark market it s cool how much progress has been made with this tech and yes it is the concept of the knight of faith is a big interest to me especially that it requires a total willingness to accept the divine absurd despite reality i think that this mindset is similar to schizophrenia psychosis in a way i still have a lot more to learn and glad someone caught the reference . hey all glad to be a part of this community anyone here have any insight on how darkwallet is coming along i know it s still in alpha but was curious if anyone here is using it and your opinion on it seems like a well thought out wallet and the people working on it seem to know their shit . aha lets i believe it is a web wallet seems like its a plug in for chrome and firefox hopefully they setup something compatible with a tor browser later on . aha yes i knew it lets all take a tab and take the leap of faith together is this dark wallet a web based wallet or what . aha lets i believe it is a web wallet seems like its a plug in for chrome and firefox hopefully they setup something compatible with a tor browser later on . aha lets i believe it is a web wallet seems like its a plug in for chrome and firefox hopefully they setup something compatible with a tor browser later on . aha yes i knew it let s all take a tab and take the leap of faith together is this dark wallet a web based wallet or what . aha yes i knew it lets all take a tab and take the leap of faith together is this dark wallet a web based wallet or what . 