where can i find him because sr i down now . where can i find him because sr i down now . stealth bomber has been moved to shining star consistent reviews about having top stealth great customer service and some of the best product around reports of him going the extra mile to help customers after the recent fall of sr deserves a boost in our ranks evo . stealth bomber has been moved to shining star consistent reviews about having top stealth great customer service and some of the best product around reports of him going the extra mile to help customers after the recent fall of sr deserves a boost in our ranks evo . quote from banksyshepard on may pmsb is the best vendor i have ever dealt with period he has gone the extra mile for me and i have a strong sense of loyalty to him his agora profile says to find him here if agora goes down with all the agra downtime i dont know if he has made that jump yet i know he lost alot on evo and is probably hesitant to go to a new market is he here yet is there any other market he is on any help is greatly appreciated cheersi haven t seen him around here . quote from banksyshepard on may pmsb is the best vendor i have ever dealt with period he has gone the extra mile for me and i have a strong sense of loyalty to him his agora profile says to find him here if agora goes down with all the agra downtime i dont know if he has made that jump yet i know he lost alot on evo and is probably hesitant to go to a new market is he here yet is there any other market he is on any help is greatly appreciated cheersi havent seen him around here . sb is the best vendor i have ever dealt with period he has gone the extra mile for me and i have a strong sense of loyalty to him his agora profile says to find him here if agora goes down with all the agra downtime i dont know if he has made that jump yet i know he lost alot on evo and is probably hesitant to go to a new market is he here yet is there any other market he is on any help is greatly appreciated cheers . sb is the best vendor i have ever dealt with period he has gone the extra mile for me and i have a strong sense of loyalty to him his agora profile says to find him here if agora goes down with all the agra downtime i dont know if he has made that jump yet i know he lost alot on evo and is probably hesitant to go to a new market is he here yet is there any other market he is on any help is greatly appreciated cheers . thanks just all dressed out . thanks just all dressed out . fye stealthbomber just made an account here he created a thread in the mdma section . fye stealthbomber just made an account here he created a thread in the mdma section . quote from amdm on may pmfyi stealthbomber just made an account here he created a thread in the mdma section yeah if only he d respond to a damn pm . quote from amdm on may pmfyi stealthbomber just made an account here he created a thread in the mdma section yeah if only hed respond to a damn pm . 