hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit w e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt scamming . quote from sorrymario on february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c oh snap you beat me too it sorrymario . i think if there is a referred commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets we should all join under a referred link from our favorite vendor that is on agora and silkroad or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referred but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community . well its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c . i think if there is a referred commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets we should all join under a referred link from our favorite vendor that is on agora and silkroad or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referred but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community . quote from sorrymario on february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c oh snap you beat me too it sorrymario . well its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c . hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit w e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt scamming . hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit w e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt scamming . well its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c . i think if there is a referred commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets we should all join under a referred link from our favorite vendor that is on agora and silkroad or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referred but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community . quote from sorrymario on february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c oh snap you beat me too it sorrymario . hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit w e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt scamming . well its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c . quote from sorrymario on february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but a modest scam effort none the less c oh snap you beat me too it sorrymario . i think if there is a referred commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets we should all join under a referred link from our favorite vendor that is on agora and silkroad or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referred but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community . 