i hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with s i say . quote from drugz on august pmi hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with sr i sayamen brother you are correct we should all pool our knowledge and resources and ddos attack sr flood the forums and do anything we can to disrupt that illegitimate scamming site . vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy . vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy . quote from drugz on august pmi hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with sr i sayamen brother you are correct we should all pool our knowledge and resources and ddos attack sr flood the forums and do anything we can to disrupt that illegitimate scamming site . i hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with s i say . vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy . i hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with s i say . i hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with s i say . quote from drugz on august pmi hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with sr i sayamen brother you are correct we should all pool our knowledge and resources and ddos attack sr flood the forums and do anything we can to disrupt that illegitimate scamming site . quote from drugz on august pmi hope le do everyone a favor and shutdown the sr servers sooner rather then later those thieving cunts have been operating for way too long now down with sr i sayamen brother you are correct we should all pool our knowledge and resources and ddos attack sr flood the forums and do anything we can to disrupt that illegitimate scamming site . vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy . . . . . if you lost money you had it comming to ya . i couldnt have said it better myself sr is a poor counterfeit of sr sr has repeatedly ripped off its users and given realistic excuses of what actually happened move sr to the scam market or defunct area . o i was worried for a moment when i saw all the alarming thread titles but now i see its just the same old shit talkers talking the same old shit sorry carry on . quote from dandantheicecreamman on september pmlets see how this turns out yeah i think you will be here for a while . expected nothing new . i couldnt have said it better myself sr is a poor counterfeit of sr sr has repeatedly ripped off its users and given realistic excuses of what actually happened move sr to the scam market or defunct area . quote from onionshop on september amtook a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia they are being closed according to them and they have taken the site offline anything other than that is just speculation . lets see how this turns out . ffs now the mods are saying fuck of if u dont like to guys owed grandsfrom sr its always the ddos blah blah fk nonsense . quote from dandantheicecreamman on september pmlets see how this turns out yeah i think you will be here for a while . ffs now the mods are saying fuck of if u dont like to guys owed grandsfrom sr its always the ddos blah blah fk nonsense . lets see how this turns out . quote from onionshop on september amtook a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia they are being closed according to them and they have taken the site offline anything other than that is just speculation . i couldnt have said it better myself sr is a poor counterfeit of sr sr has repeatedly ripped off its users and given realistic excuses of what actually happened move sr to the scam market or defunct area . if you lost money you had it comming to ya . took a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia . if you lost money you had it comming to ya . took a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia . o i was worried for a moment when i saw all the alarming thread titles but now i see its just the same old shit talkers talking the same old shit sorry carry on . expected nothing new . quote from dandantheicecreamman on september pmlets see how this turns out yeah i think you will be here for a while . i couldnt have said it better myself sr is a poor counterfeit of sr sr has repeatedly ripped off its users and given realistic excuses of what actually happened move sr to the scam market or defunct area . ffs now the mods are saying fuck of if u dont like to guys owed grandsfrom sr its always the ddos blah blah fk nonsense . lets see how this turns out . if you lost money you had it comming to ya . o i was worried for a moment when i saw all the alarming thread titles but now i see its just the same old shit talkers talking the same old shit sorry carry on . expected nothing new . quote from onionshop on september amtook a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia they are being closed according to them and they have taken the site offline anything other than that is just speculation . quote from onionshop on september amtook a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia they are being closed according to them and they have taken the site offline anything other than that is just speculation . ffs now the mods are saying fuck of if u dont like to guys owed grandsfrom sr its always the ddos blah blah fk nonsense . lets see how this turns out . took a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia . expected nothing new . o i was worried for a moment when i saw all the alarming thread titles but now i see its just the same old shit talkers talking the same old shit sorry carry on . took a peek at sr forums the only statements i saw saying its a hack seem to be fed is there any actual proof or just the usual paranoia . quote from dandantheicecreamman on september pmlets see how this turns out yeah i think you will be here for a while . amen . amen . amen . amen . i lost coins in this latest downtime hack ddos attack admin shutting down and stealing our coin who really knows all i do know is that i lost again using sr i will not make that mistake again bye sr for good i am current looking for a new market . i lost coins in this latest downtime hack ddos attack admin shutting down and stealing our coin who really knows all i do know is that i lost again using sr i will not make that mistake again bye sr for good i am current looking for a new market . i lost coins in this latest downtime hack ddos attack admin shutting down and stealing our coin who really knows all i do know is that i lost again using sr i will not make that mistake again bye sr for good i am current looking for a new market . i lost coins in this latest downtime hack ddos attack admin shutting down and stealing our coin who really knows all i do know is that i lost again using sr i will not make that mistake again bye sr for good i am current looking for a new market . quote from drugz on august pm vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy is dumb and you should ddos the market not the forums most people on the forums dont buy on sr . quote from drugz on august pm vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy is dumb and you should ddos the market not the forums most people on the forums dont buy on sr . quote from drugz on august pm vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy is dumb and you should ddos the market not the forums most people on the forums dont buy on sr . quote from drugz on august pm vendors using sr should be publicly named and shamed for putting buyers at risk hub needs to post a warning about that clusterfuck of a site like reddit did hub should revoke the accounts immediately of all s mods and vendors someone needs to ddos the sr forum we should start a donations btc address to pay someone who owns a botnet to do it ross needs to know what those cunts are up to they are pissing on his legacy is dumb and you should ddos the market not the forums most people on the forums dont buy on sr . 