appreciate the help . appreciate the help . good info . of in new to all this trying to figure out how to aquire and use a pgp for all i know there is one on computer already and i dont know how to access give tried to download a version or with no success not sure what im doing wrong but any help would greatly be appreciated thanks dave . appreciate the help . good info . good info . of in new to all this trying to figure out how to aquire and use a pgp for all i know there is one on computer already and i dont know how to access give tried to download a version or with no success not sure what im doing wrong but any help would greatly be appreciated thanks dave . ok i m new to all this trying to figure out how to aquire and use a pgp for all i know there is one on computer already and i dont know how to access give tried to download a version or with no success not sure what im doing wrong but any help would greatly be appreciated thanks dave . the thing i had trouble with was i was used to command line pgp and while i was familiar with how public key encryption works i hadnt really used the program for much comm until i started with the darknet there are tutorials but there are basin things you need to know you encrypt using the recipients public key only you decrypt using your private key and passphrase only dont forget to close the app when done do not share your private key with anyone ever ever all sensitive data should be encrusted and you should probably use a simple text editor to compose and paste copy before you send it anywhere not a word processor clear your memory afterward if you must keep a copy of each encrusted message until it is read and properly responded to for reference purposes then do so only when you have to at some point you might get a temp key from a vendor temporary keys will only work for a certain amount of time after that time has elapsed they are worthless and the information will be irretrievable same goes for losing your passphrase many vendors will use temp keys and or time sensitive media this is for your protection be aware of this and its limitations respond accordingly but do not send anything you dont feel comfortable with i hope this helps strong properly implements cryptography is all we have between us and the wolves its a jungle out there . the thing i had trouble with was i was used to command line pgp and while i was familiar with how public key encryption works i hadn t really used the program for much comm until i started with the darknet there are tutorials but there are basin things you need to know you encrypt using the recipients public key only you decrypt using your private key and passphrase only don t forget to close the app when done do not share your private key with anyone ever ever all sensitive data should be encrusted and you should probably use a simple text editor to compose and paste copy before you send it anywhere not a word processor clear your memory afterward if you must keep a copy of each encrusted message until it is read and properly responded to for reference purposes then do so only when you have to at some point you might get a temp key from a vendor temporary keys will only work for a certain amount of time after that time has elapsed they are worthless and the information will be irretrievable same goes for losing your passphrase many vendors will use temp keys and or time sensitive media this is for your protection be aware of this and its limitations respond accordingly but do not send anything you don t feel comfortable with i hope this helps strong properly implements cryptography is all we have between us and the wolves it s a jungle out there . the thing i had trouble with was i was used to command line pgp and while i was familiar with how public key encryption works i hadnt really used the program for much comm until i started with the darknet there are tutorials but there are basin things you need to know you encrypt using the recipients public key only you decrypt using your private key and passphrase only dont forget to close the app when done do not share your private key with anyone ever ever all sensitive data should be encrusted and you should probably use a simple text editor to compose and paste copy before you send it anywhere not a word processor clear your memory afterward if you must keep a copy of each encrusted message until it is read and properly responded to for reference purposes then do so only when you have to at some point you might get a temp key from a vendor temporary keys will only work for a certain amount of time after that time has elapsed they are worthless and the information will be irretrievable same goes for losing your passphrase many vendors will use temp keys and or time sensitive media this is for your protection be aware of this and its limitations respond accordingly but do not send anything you dont feel comfortable with i hope this helps strong properly implements cryptography is all we have between us and the wolves its a jungle out there . great post gggreenbud very useful info there daypaul which os you use drew . great post gggreenbud very useful info there daypaul which os you use drew . great post gggreenbud very useful info there daypaul which os you use drew . thanks for the replys give got it nowthanks dave . thanks for the replys give got it nowthanks dave . thanks for the replys give got it nowthanks dave . 