in advise you to learn gnupg how to encrypt create your own bit private key and send receive only encrypted pm and if you dont already do you might want to use tails or another secure alternative to browse the darknet good luck . hi all im new to this as the usual means of purchasing is just to unreliable please where do i start for god sake and i aint no computer need either . hi all im new to this as the usual means of purchasing is just to unreliable please where do i start for god sake and i aint no computer need either . tmg has set up a guide to help this is useful welcome . hello anthony and welcome you could start over at the active vendors board a vendor who offers something you like and read the first page of their thread they usually tell you how to order from them the standard is to either send them encrusted personal messages on this board or to send them encrusted messages on email as per usual payment is through bitcoin good luck and if you have any more questions do not hesitate to ask . in advise you to learn gnupg how to encrypt create your own bit private key and send receive only encrypted pm and if you dont already do you might want to use tails or another secure alternative to browse the darknet good luck . i d advise you to learn gnupg how to encrypt create your own bit private key and send receive only encrypted pm and if you don t already do you might want to use tails or another secure alternative to browse the darknet good luck . hello anthony and welcome you could start over at the active vendors board a vendor who offers something you like and read the first page of their thread they usually tell you how to order from them the standard is to either send them encrusted personal messages on this board or to send them encrusted messages on email as per usual payment is through blond wig good luck and if you have any more questions do not hesitate to ask . tmg has set up a guide to help this is useful welcome . hello anthony and welcome you could start over at the active vendors board a vendor who offers something you like and read the first page of their thread they usually tell you how to order from them the standard is to either send them encrusted personal messages on this board or to send them encrusted messages on email as per usual payment is through bitcoin good luck and if you have any more questions do not hesitate to ask . tmg has set up a guide to help this is useful welcome . hi all im new to this as the usual means of purchasing is just to unreliable please where do i start for god sake and i ain t no computer need either . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated consider not free though . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasn t able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated consider not free though . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated consider not free though . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasn t able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated sigaint everything though never trust the server not to be compromise . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated sigaint everything though never trust the server not to be compromise . thank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated . thank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated . thank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasn t able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated . quote from slarky on may amthank you i was having the same problem too taking a first look in security i wasnt able to find a secure tor based e mail provider any help is appreciated sigaint everything though never trust the server not to be compromise . trust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term . trust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term . trust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term . quote from metal dagrave on june pmtrust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term true as also never trust windows use a trusted linux os cheers dolmio . quote from metal dagrave on june pmtrust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term true as also never trust windows use a trusted linux os cheers dolmio . quote from metal dagrave on june pmtrust nothing encrypt everything is my moto pgp is easy to learn and could save your ass in the long term true as also never trust windows use a trusted linux os cheers dolmio . 