just a quick note to anybody running away from an uncertain utopian future due to recent events welcome to the hub we are here for you and hopefully you will meet friends both new and old with whom you may share your concerns hopefully you will find this a useful resource while you wait to find out whats happening with your market for on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovefromthe hubs most crazy yet colourful moderator of globe proportions aka wit . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmwhyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do still you cant deny it sounds plausible when whyuseep claimed he hacked in last week an now site shut down quite a coincidence hey . whyusheep is claiming to have turned over the ip to the authorites . just a quick note to anybody running away from an uncertain utopian future due to recent events welcome to the hub we are here for you and hopefully you will meet friends both new and old with whom you may share your concerns hopefully you will find this a useful resource while you wait to find out whats happening with your market for on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovefromthe hubs most crazy yet colourful moderator of globe proportions aka wit . i am mostly interested in hearing how this occured possible in leak bad open admin busted and so forth . i am mostly interested in hearing how this occured possible in leak bad open admin busted and so forth . how so quickly then . whyusheep is claiming to have turned over the ip to the authorites . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmwhyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do still you cant deny it sounds plausible when whyuseep claimed he hacked in last week an now site shut down quite a coincidence hey . no infos yet but i suppose that servers location along with the one accessing it were under surveillance from the beginning . time for i p . how so quickly then . time for i p . time for i p . no infos yet but i suppose that servers location along with the one accessing it were under surveillance from the beginning . just a quick note to anybody running away from an uncertain utopian future due to recent events welcome to the hub we are here for you and hopefully you will meet friends both new and old with whom you may share your concerns hopefully you will find this a useful resource while you wait to find out whats happening with your market for on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovefromthe hubs most crazy yet colourful moderator of globe proportions aka wit . you could make clearnet site last longer then utopia did . i am mostly interested in hearing how this occured possible in leak bad open admin busted and so forth . whyusheep is claiming to have turned over the ip to the authorites . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmwhyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do still you cant deny it sounds plausible when whyuseep claimed he hacked in last week an now site shut down quite a coincidence hey . how so quickly then . the site has been shut down by police not by frim . quote from ilovespaghetti on february pmwhyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do still you cant deny it sounds plausible when whyuseep claimed he hacked in last week an now site shut down quite a coincidence hey . whyusheep is claiming to have turned over the ip to the authorites . i am mostly interested in hearing how this occured possible in leak bad open admin busted and so forth . just a quick note to anybody running away from an uncertain utopian future due to recent events welcome to the hub we are here for you and hopefully you will meet friends both new and old with whom you may share your concerns hopefully you will find this a useful resource while you wait to find out whats happening with your market for on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovefromthe hubs most crazy yet colourful moderator of globe proportions aka wit . time for i p . whyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do . the site has been shut down by police not by frim . you could make clearnet site last longer then utopia did . no infos yet but i suppose that servers location along with the one accessing it were under surveillance from the beginning . you could make clearnet site last longer then utopia did . the site has been shut down by police not by frim . whyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do . how so quickly then . whyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do . you could make clearnet site last longer then utopia did . no infos yet but i suppose that servers location along with the one accessing it were under surveillance from the beginning . the site has been shut down by police not by frim . whyusheep is from banned from topic and now spreading fuds everywhere also if you go to authorithies showing them the ip they will tell you to go playing elsewhere because theyve got something important to do . im not firm firm is a idiot who thinks he is apart of anonymous but his hacking skills amount to trolling forums while he was busy dicking around on forums i was shutting down utopia . was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . quote from brassballs on february pmyou could make clearnet site last longer then topic didi think i speak for everyone when i say type fucking normally . im not firm firm is a idiot who thinks he is apart of anonymous but his hacking skills amount to trolling forums while he was busy dicking around on forums i was shutting down utopia . im not firm firm is a idiot who thinks he is apart of anonymous but his hacking skills amount to trolling forums while he was busy dicking around on forums i was shutting down utopia . im not firm firm is a idiot who thinks he is apart of anonymous but his hacking skills amount to trolling forums while he was busy dicking around on forums i was shutting down utopia . quote from brassballs on february pmyou could make clearnet site last longer then topic didi think i speak for everyone when i say type fucking normally . was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . quote from brassballs on february pmyou could make clearnet site last longer then topic didi think i speak for everyone when i say type fucking normally . quote from brassballs on february pmyou could make clearnet site last longer then topic didi think i speak for everyone when i say type fucking normally . hacked on the forum it says someone found a bug inside the cashout function . quote from sorrymario on february pm was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . quote from wit on february pmfor on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovequote from sorrymario on february pm were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too wow . quote from sorrymario on february pm was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . my bad thanks edited . today according to their staff a bug was explained which allowed a hacker to steal their entire hot storage balance the future of the market is right now uncertain but they are offering non escrow trading and sparing no expense in tracking down the culprit discuss . hacked on the forum it says someone found a bug inside the cashout function . quote from sorrymario on february pm was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . hacked on the forum it says someone found a bug inside the cashout function . quote from wit on february pmfor on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovequote from sorrymario on february pm were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too wow . today according to their staff a bug was explained which allowed a hacker to steal their entire hot storage balance the future of the market is right now uncertain but they are offering non escrow trading and sparing no expense in tracking down the culprit discuss . quote from sorrymario on february pm was the end of a long investigation dating back to early they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too no word in the news article about an anonymous tip from a year old basement dweller in us . quote from wit on february pmfor on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovequote from sorrymario on february pm were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too wow . quote from wit on february pmfor on the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage of events like this check either their website or their forum posts for the latest may you all stay safe and retain your senses of humour no matter what happens lots of lovequote from sorrymario on february pm were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building a case against them for those things when they made the arrests they were delighted to find the server hardware and everything too wow . today according to their staff a bug was explained which allowed a hacker to steal their entire hot storage balance the future of the market is right now uncertain but they are offering non escrow trading and sparing no expense in tracking down the culprit discuss . my bad thanks edited . hacked on the forum it says someone found a bug inside the cashout function . my bad thanks edited . my bad thanks edited . today according to their staff a bug was explained which allowed a hacker to steal their entire hot storage balance the future of the market is right now uncertain but they are offering non escrow trading and sparing no expense in tracking down the culprit discuss . dpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . dpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . dpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . dpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . for sure scum defcon stole our coin no doubts sr has been a scam from day one if you continue to use sr you will be burned again guarenteed . from what i have read and know of the problem with btc it couldt have been the reason that all the btc was taken i didnt expect to see defcon or any mods post anything again but after reading threw the forums its no wonder theyre back users were still depositing coin after the hack and are over their now ready to throw more coin away no wonder they came back its unbelievable the amount of idiots there the only other thing i can think of is they have a heap of accounts to spread propaganda . regardless of regardless whats done is done just as ill trust you can not put a price on its a personal decision and those that continue riding the gravy train that sadly the defunct road has now become are kind of the most most tolerant of people if you wan a be harsh about it they are religious fanatics emotional attached no different to romance scamsyou know say your stuck on a boat and someone dies you should wait until every other member on the boat has mourned the death until throwing them overboard otherwise mass hysteria will ensue . from what i have read and know of the problem with btc it couldt have been the reason that all the btc was taken i didnt expect to see defcon or any mods post anything again but after reading threw the forums its no wonder theyre back users were still depositing coin after the hack and are over their now ready to throw more coin away no wonder they came back its unbelievable the amount of idiots there the only other thing i can think of is they have a heap of accounts to spread propaganda . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . for sure scum defcon stole our coin no doubts sr has been a scam from day one if you continue to use sr you will be burned again guarenteed . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . from what i have read and know of the problem with btc it couldt have been the reason that all the btc was taken i didnt expect to see defcon or any mods post anything again but after reading threw the forums its no wonder theyre back users were still depositing coin after the hack and are over their now ready to throw more coin away no wonder they came back its unbelievable the amount of idiots there the only other thing i can think of is they have a heap of accounts to spread propaganda . regardless of regardless whats done is done just as ill trust you can not put a price on its a personal decision and those that continue riding the gravy train that sadly the defunct road has now become are kind of the most most tolerant of people if you wan a be harsh about it they are religious fanatics emotional attached no different to romance scamsyou know say your stuck on a boat and someone dies you should wait until every other member on the boat has mourned the death until throwing them overboard otherwise mass hysteria will ensue . for sure scum defcon stole our coin no doubts sr has been a scam from day one if you continue to use sr you will be burned again guarenteed . from what i have read and know of the problem with btc it couldt have been the reason that all the btc was taken i didnt expect to see defcon or any mods post anything again but after reading threw the forums its no wonder theyre back users were still depositing coin after the hack and are over their now ready to throw more coin away no wonder they came back its unbelievable the amount of idiots there the only other thing i can think of is they have a heap of accounts to spread propaganda . quote from mycarneedstint on february amdpr and or staff stole our coin geesh read up no bugs not a etc bug known since simple theft . regardless of regardless whats done is done just as ill trust you can not put a price on its a personal decision and those that continue riding the gravy train that sadly the defunct road has now become are kind of the most most tolerant of people if you wan a be harsh about it they are religious fanatics emotional attached no different to romance scamsyou know say your stuck on a boat and someone dies you should wait until every other member on the boat has mourned the death until throwing them overboard otherwise mass hysteria will ensue . for sure scum defcon stole our coin no doubts sr has been a scam from day one if you continue to use sr you will be burned again guarenteed . regardless of regardless whats done is done just as ill trust you can not put a price on its a personal decision and those that continue riding the gravy train that sadly the defunct road has now become are kind of the most most tolerant of people if you wan a be harsh about it they are religious fanatics emotional attached no different to romance scamsyou know say your stuck on a boat and someone dies you should wait until every other member on the boat has mourned the death until throwing them overboard otherwise mass hysteria will ensue . its incredibly frustrating to read here and on the clearnet that sr was hacked it wasnt the theft was an inside job no bugs as far as a cashout feature is concerned no btc mal problem as first told to us some mysterious french didnt break in it was a greedy admin stealing maybe the admin defcon is french and he was projecting idk the myth will go on lies will be believed and yet again more btc will be stolen its a damn shame i will never use that site again and will steer others away as well for the ones who still believe dr clu defcon and the rest of the con artists i do feel sorry for you . its incredibly frustrating to read here and on the clearnet that sr was hacked it wasnt the theft was an inside job no bugs as far as a cashout feature is concerned no btc mal problem as first told to us some mysterious french didnt break in it was a greedy admin stealing maybe the admin defcon is french and he was projecting idk the myth will go on lies will be believed and yet again more btc will be stolen its a damn shame i will never use that site again and will steer others away as well for the ones who still believe dr clu defcon and the rest of the con artists i do feel sorry for you . so was theft or hack . so was theft or hack . its incredibly frustrating to read here and on the clearnet that sr was hacked it wasnt the theft was an inside job no bugs as far as a cashout feature is concerned no btc mal problem as first told to us some mysterious french didnt break in it was a greedy admin stealing maybe the admin defcon is french and he was projecting idk the myth will go on lies will be believed and yet again more btc will be stolen its a damn shame i will never use that site again and will steer others away as well for the ones who still believe dr clu defcon and the rest of the con artists i do feel sorry for you . so was theft or hack . so was theft or hack . its incredibly frustrating to read here and on the clearnet that sr was hacked it wasnt the theft was an inside job no bugs as far as a cashout feature is concerned no btc mal problem as first told to us some mysterious french didnt break in it was a greedy admin stealing maybe the admin defcon is french and he was projecting idk the myth will go on lies will be believed and yet again more btc will be stolen its a damn shame i will never use that site again and will steer others away as well for the ones who still believe dr clu defcon and the rest of the con artists i do feel sorry for you . thank you for the plate zentech i hope things work out for the best . sorry to interrupt i hope you are all fine i noticed a lot of sudden activity in this forum but i do not speak your language is something exciting going on i am not being nose well maybe i am i have a red nose after all but i just wanted to check in . silkkitie has been down for a few days no one seems to know whats going on the site admin kapteeni hasnt given us any info either so theres a lot of speculation right now about whats going on quite a lot of buyers complain they havent got orders made last week too too many bad experiences on various dark web sites makes many of us quite paranoid personally i dont have any bitcoins in silkkitie so in safe but many are not is it a swam authorities involved just speculation at this point . hey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now . hey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now . thank you for the plate zentech i hope things work out for the best . thank you for the plate zentech i hope things work out for the best . hey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now . hey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now . silkkitie has been down for a few days no one seems to know whats going on the site admin kapteeni hasnt given us any info either so theres a lot of speculation right now about whats going on quite a lot of buyers complain they havent got orders made last week too too many bad experiences on various dark web sites makes many of us quite paranoid personally i dont have any bitcoins in silkkitie so in safe but many are not is it a swam authorities involved just speculation at this point . i am also going to be a bit nose and ask that if there are any updates on the status of silkkitie or kapteeni that someone could post here kapteeni and i spoke often and i would like to know whether or not he is day thank you . thank you for the plate zentech i hope things work out for the best . sorry to interrupt i hope you are all fine i noticed a lot of sudden activity in this forum but i do not speak your language is something exciting going on i am not being nose well maybe i am i have a red nose after all but i just wanted to check in . sorry to interrupt i hope you are all fine i noticed a lot of sudden activity in this forum but i do not speak your language is something exciting going on i am not being nose well maybe i am i have a red nose after all but i just wanted to check in . i am also going to be a bit nose and ask that if there are any updates on the status of silkkitie or kapteeni that someone could post here kapteeni and i spoke often and i would like to know whether or not he is day thank you . silkkitie has been down for a few days no one seems to know whats going on the site admin kapteeni hasnt given us any info either so theres a lot of speculation right now about whats going on quite a lot of buyers complain they havent got orders made last week too too many bad experiences on various dark web sites makes many of us quite paranoid personally i dont have any bitcoins in silkkitie so in safe but many are not is it a swam authorities involved just speculation at this point . silkkitie has been down for a few days no one seems to know whats going on the site admin kapteeni hasnt given us any info either so theres a lot of speculation right now about whats going on quite a lot of buyers complain they havent got orders made last week too too many bad experiences on various dark web sites makes many of us quite paranoid personally i dont have any bitcoins in silkkitie so in safe but many are not is it a swam authorities involved just speculation at this point . i am also going to be a bit nose and ask that if there are any updates on the status of silkkitie or kapteeni that someone could post here kapteeni and i spoke often and i would like to know whether or not he is day thank you . i am also going to be a bit nose and ask that if there are any updates on the status of silkkitie or kapteeni that someone could post here kapteeni and i spoke often and i would like to know whether or not he is day thank you . sorry to interrupt i hope you are all fine i noticed a lot of sudden activity in this forum but i do not speak your language is something exciting going on i am not being nose well maybe i am i have a red nose after all but i just wanted to check in . hope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia . quote from kukkakeiju on july pmhey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now good morning all we are in a bit of traffic signs ik viss as someone who was aikasemmin already speculated yesterday so i got myself out of jail until the trial is unlikely to be overcome by a fine professional activity carried on our supplier breeder has reported been monitoring site for a long time and he was nabbed sailing trip on thursday afternoon there came to the door on friday uncles then the name of a list with a bunch of people to pick up and of course went to the seizure of all education looking notebook in the box that is the police now holds the passwords pgp keys and all utilities there was a cold wallet password to the rear and everything else which is to prevent myself from getting virtual anything that is related to this trade the address information is safe from all but who did orders in the past week they said yes that the only thing that interests them is a lot has been sold and what not who has ordered but for all you know i tried last night to put a message to customer service that will put the account closed and the return potential new trades for buyers but said the error like until this morning and you who have not released the escrow agreement as riitauttakaa stores and you will coininne back the deal is now on ice for x number of now at least until that becomes known imprisonment and how much im sorry shroomary . hope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia . hope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia . quote from kukkakeiju on july pmhey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now good morning all we are in a bit of traffic signs ik viss as someone who was aikasemmin already speculated yesterday so i got myself out of jail until the trial is unlikely to be overcome by a fine professional activity carried on our supplier breeder has reported been monitoring site for a long time and he was nabbed sailing trip on thursday afternoon there came to the door on friday uncles then the name of a list with a bunch of people to pick up and of course went to the seizure of all education looking notebook in the box that is the police now holds the passwords pgp keys and all utilities there was a cold wallet password to the rear and everything else which is to prevent myself from getting virtual anything that is related to this trade the address information is safe from all but who did orders in the past week they said yes that the only thing that interests them is a lot has been sold and what not who has ordered but for all you know i tried last night to put a message to customer service that will put the account closed and the return potential new trades for buyers but said the error like until this morning and you who have not released the escrow agreement as riitauttakaa stores and you will coininne back the deal is now on ice for x number of now at least until that becomes known imprisonment and how much im sorry shroomary . quote from albert on july amhope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia yes . quote from albert on july amhope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia yes . quote from albert on july amhope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia yes . hope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia . quote from kukkakeiju on july pmhey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now good morning all we are in a bit of traffic signs ik viss as someone who was aikasemmin already speculated yesterday so i got myself out of jail until the trial is unlikely to be overcome by a fine professional activity carried on our supplier breeder has reported been monitoring site for a long time and he was nabbed sailing trip on thursday afternoon there came to the door on friday uncles then the name of a list with a bunch of people to pick up and of course went to the seizure of all education looking notebook in the box that is the police now holds the passwords pgp keys and all utilities there was a cold wallet password to the rear and everything else which is to prevent myself from getting virtual anything that is related to this trade the address information is safe from all but who did orders in the past week they said yes that the only thing that interests them is a lot has been sold and what not who has ordered but for all you know i tried last night to put a message to customer service that will put the account closed and the return potential new trades for buyers but said the error like until this morning and you who have not released the escrow agreement as riitauttakaa stores and you will coininne back the deal is now on ice for x number of now at least until that becomes known imprisonment and how much im sorry shroomary . quote from albert on july amhope its nothing more then some technical downtime besides must be really nice on their clients to have the hub to recoup while awaiting on some sort of official word stay safe people trc is that goggle translation from the vendor whos mia yes . quote from kukkakeiju on july pmhey there unfortunately there hast been any updates or news about the current situation theres only speculations going around and guessing which leads nowhere some speculate that it is a technical fault at hand and some panic about police intervention one source for panic is that one vendor has been busted prior to the weekend or that he has slammed the customers he provided his apoligies yesterday morning about being caught here on the hub forum this case is sketch enough to begin with and hopefully morebetter picture can be built in the next few days about it then there is the downfall of silkkitie for the past few days and we can all just scratch our heads for now good morning all we are in a bit of traffic signs ik viss as someone who was aikasemmin already speculated yesterday so i got myself out of jail until the trial is unlikely to be overcome by a fine professional activity carried on our supplier breeder has reported been monitoring site for a long time and he was nabbed sailing trip on thursday afternoon there came to the door on friday uncles then the name of a list with a bunch of people to pick up and of course went to the seizure of all education looking notebook in the box that is the police now holds the passwords pgp keys and all utilities there was a cold wallet password to the rear and everything else which is to prevent myself from getting virtual anything that is related to this trade the address information is safe from all but who did orders in the past week they said yes that the only thing that interests them is a lot has been sold and what not who has ordered but for all you know i tried last night to put a message to customer service that will put the account closed and the return potential new trades for buyers but said the error like until this morning and you who have not released the escrow agreement as riitauttakaa stores and you will coininne back the deal is now on ice for x number of now at least until that becomes known imprisonment and how much im sorry shroomary . it was recently pointed out that the direct link being hasted on the hub for alphabet market was pointing to an incorrect destination everything has since been corrected and you can find an explanation here . it was recently pointed out that the direct link being hasted on the hub for alphabet market was pointing to an incorrect destination everything has since been corrected and you can find an explanation here . it was recently pointed out that the direct link being hasted on the hub for alphabet market was pointing to an incorrect destination everything has since been corrected and you can find an explanation here . it was recently pointed out that the direct link being hasted on the hub for alphabet market was pointing to an incorrect destination everything has since been corrected and you can find an explanation here . thanks for fixing this and i sincerely hope no one got wished from this if you ever used that link be sure to update your account . thanks for fixing this and i sincerely hope no one got wished from this if you ever used that link be sure to update your account . thanks for fixing this and i sincerely hope no one got wished from this if you ever used that link be sure to update your account . thanks for fixing this and i sincerely hope no one got wished from this if you ever used that link be sure to update your account . 