whats up everybody give been around the dnms a while but after that mess with evo happened not quite sure where to go this place seems pretty nice unfortunately i cant access agora to shop now since apparently one of my logins was hacked and the forums are down which also means i cant get a referral for a new acct but i just wanted to say hello to you guys and wish you a good day oh and a question anyone have a suggestion of a dnm besides agora to use in trying to locate some loose lucy thankspeace and love sky . as i said you can hook up with the vendors a pm usually works . as i said you can hook up with the vendors a pm usually works . hey skyballs welcome to the garden reddits list is pretty dated clearnet warning heaps www reddit com r darknetmarkets wiki superlistedit you can also hook up with some of the vendors here on the garden . thanks dardush i had a feeling there were vendors on here i could talk to you guys just do direct deals instead of using escrow hows that work in really glad jor is still active i had an account on sr when he became popular on there . hey skyballs welcome to the garden reddit s list is pretty dated clearnet warning heaps www reddit com r darknetmarkets wiki superlistedit you can also hook up with some of the vendors here on the garden . thanks dardush i had a feeling there were vendors on here i could talk to you guys just do direct deals instead of using escrow how s that work i m really glad jor is still active i had an account on sr when he became popular on there . as i said you can hook up with the vendors a pm usually works . thanks dardush i had a feeling there were vendors on here i could talk to you guys just do direct deals instead of using escrow hows that work in really glad jor is still active i had an account on sr when he became popular on there . whats up everybody give been around the dnms a while but after that mess with evo happened not quite sure where to go this place seems pretty nice unfortunately i cant access agora to shop now since apparently one of my logins was hacked and the forums are down which also means i cant get a referral for a new acct but i just wanted to say hello to you guys and wish you a good day oh and a question anyone have a suggestion of a dnm besides agora to use in trying to locate some loose lucy thankspeace and love sky . what s up everybody i ve been around the dnms a while but after that mess with evo happened not quite sure where to go this place seems pretty nice unfortunately i can t access agora to shop now since apparently one of my logins was hacked and the forums are down which also means i can t get a referral for a new acct but i just wanted to say hello to you guys and wish you a good day oh and a question anyone have a suggestion of a dnm besides agora to use i m trying to locate some loose lucy thankspeace and love sky . hey skyballs welcome to the garden reddits list is pretty dated clearnet warning heaps www reddit com r darknetmarkets wiki superlistedit you can also hook up with some of the vendors here on the garden . so i used gocelery to buy some coins first it tells me upon placement of the order that my coins should be available dec th today i check and it now says dec th anyone run into this before i think its absolutely unacceptable to have to wait this long and in wondering if i should get a refund and use coinbase instead i keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have to say so far in really not impressed with how they do things . so i used gocelery to buy some coins first it tells me upon placement of the order that my coins should be available dec th today i check and it now says dec th anyone run into this before i think its absolutely unacceptable to have to wait this long and in wondering if i should get a refund and use coinbase instead i keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have to say so far in really not impressed with how they do things . so i used gocelery to buy some coins first it tells me upon placement of the order that my coins should be available dec th today i check and it now says dec th anyone run into this before i think it s absolutely unacceptable to have to wait this long and i m wondering if i should get a refund and use coinbase instead i keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have to say so far i m really not impressed with how they do things . so i used gocelery to buy some coins first it tells me upon placement of the order that my coins should be available dec th today i check and it now says dec th anyone run into this before i think its absolutely unacceptable to have to wait this long and in wondering if i should get a refund and use coinbase instead i keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have to say so far in really not impressed with how they do things . 