has anybody used this market yet hardly anybody on forums i do not think the market is that old nucleus marketplace . has anybody used this market yet hardly anybody on forums i do not think the market is that old nucleus marketplace . has anybody used this market yet hardly anybody on forums i do not think the market is that old nucleus marketplace . after putting up listings getting a couple sales and instantly getting slammed on andromeda i am being patient while the dams cool off a bit especially with intrusted markets such as this one but saying that i of course am hoping for the best with this site and all others hc . after putting up listings getting a couple sales and instantly getting slammed on andromeda i am being patient while the dams cool off a bit especially with intrusted markets such as this one but saying that i of course am hoping for the best with this site and all others hc . i had a look the dropdown menu when you list an item seems exactly like the s one like its just been taken from there no one else has that very similar feature why would this be forum looks just like eve vendors can get to list for free so i gave it a go lets see what happens . i had a look the dropdown menu when you list an item seems exactly like the s one like its just been taken from there no one else has that very similar feature why would this be forum looks just like eve vendors can get to list for free so i gave it a go lets see what happens . after putting up listings getting a couple sales and instantly getting slammed on andromeda i am being patient while the dams cool off a bit especially with intrusted markets such as this one but saying that i of course am hoping for the best with this site and all others hc . i had a look the dropdown menu when you list an item seems exactly like the s one like its just been taken from there no one else has that very similar feature why would this be forum looks just like eve vendors can get to list for free so i gave it a go lets see what happens . i have not made any purchases yet will wait and see . i have not made any purchases yet will wait and see . i have not made any purchases yet will wait and see . nucleus izq o onion in case anyone wants the link . as honestcocaine and dnh stated its probably best to sit back and wait at this time hopefully their intentions are good but you never know with these fly by night dark net marketplaces offering vendors the ability to list their items for free is a good way to promote the site however this ability also attracts scammers be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere thumbs up . nucleus izq o onion in case anyone wants the link . as honestcocaine and dnh stated its probably best to sit back and wait at this time hopefully their intentions are good but you never know with these fly by night dark net marketplaces offering vendors the ability to list their items for free is a good way to promote the site however this ability also attracts scammers be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere thumbs up . as honestcocaine and dnh stated its probably best to sit back and wait at this time hopefully their intentions are good but you never know with these fly by night dark net marketplaces offering vendors the ability to list their items for free is a good way to promote the site however this ability also attracts scammers be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere thumbs up . nucleus izq o onion in case anyone wants the link . just for fun i tried sending a couple of spare change deposits and making a withdrawal one deposit showed and the withdrawal worked but one deposit didnt show up i guess the next time i have spare change ill send a tie breaker deposit i also tried ordering a completely free sample it sat unconformed for days and then i was allowed to cancel it so far although i havent really put it to any real test my data on nucleus is me . just for fun i tried sending a couple of spare change deposits and making a withdrawal one deposit showed and the withdrawal worked but one deposit didnt show up i guess the next time i have spare change ill send a tie breaker deposit i also tried ordering a completely free sample it sat unconformed for days and then i was allowed to cancel it so far although i havent really put it to any real test my data on nucleus is me . just for fun i tried sending a couple of spare change deposits and making a withdrawal one deposit showed and the withdrawal worked but one deposit didnt show up i guess the next time i have spare change ill send a tie breaker deposit i also tried ordering a completely free sample it sat unconformed for days and then i was allowed to cancel it so far although i havent really put it to any real test my data on nucleus is me . testing it out i like the alt coin set up . testing it out i like the alt coin set up . testing it out i like the alt coin set up . if you can verify yourself as a vendor on previous markets as i have done the vendor bond can be waited but at the administrations discretion . vending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull . vending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull . vending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull . quote from cocainecowboy on march pmvending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull is it free to join if not which sites are free to vend . quote from the funk on december am be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere can not stress this enough we are going over there now to set up an account just so no one can pretend to be us that said the only way to know if the vendor is really the one you know is by pgp key send them a message using their key from another site they vend on or from el presidentes vendor library and see if they are able to decrypt it if not it is not your old vendor . quote from the funk on december am be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere can not stress this enough we are going over there now to set up an account just so no one can pretend to be us that said the only way to know if the vendor is really the one you know is by pgp key send them a message using their key from another site they vend on or from el presidentes vendor library and see if they are able to decrypt it if not it is not your old vendor . funny thing went over to nucleus to register and the site reported our name angeleyes is taken so i created a dummy account just to log in searched for angeleyes and there is no user by that name so either they are reserving names for vendors which would be nice but probably not or well i guess im at a loss . quote from cocainecowboy on march pmvending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull is it free to join if not which sites are free to vend . funny thing went over to nucleus to register and the site reported our name angeleyes is taken so i created a dummy account just to log in searched for angeleyes and there is no user by that name so either they are reserving names for vendors which would be nice but probably not or well i guess im at a loss . if you can verify yourself as a vendor on previous markets as i have done the vendor bond can be waited but at the administrations discretion . funny thing went over to nucleus to register and the site reported our name angeleyes is taken so i created a dummy account just to log in searched for angeleyes and there is no user by that name so either they are reserving names for vendors which would be nice but probably not or well i guess im at a loss . quote from the funk on december am be very cautious dealing with anyone on nucleus who is not established elsewhere people posing as other vendors could be an issue as well make sure all interactions with them are verified through their pgp key that is listed elsewhere can not stress this enough we are going over there now to set up an account just so no one can pretend to be us that said the only way to know if the vendor is really the one you know is by pgp key send them a message using their key from another site they vend on or from el presidentes vendor library and see if they are able to decrypt it if not it is not your old vendor . quote from cocainecowboy on march pmvending there it seems a great place and a really nice set up being hopefull is it free to join if not which sites are free to vend . if you can verify yourself as a vendor on previous markets as i have done the vendor bond can be waited but at the administrations discretion . support hasnt gotten back to you . this is an interesting read . same ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one good vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something pops . there are devils and then there are devils after that there comes troll very poor style but he said a lot that has come to past thats the truth even if he is gay lmfao big kiss troll you fucker pops . there are devils and then there are devils after that there comes troll very poor style but he said a lot that has come to past thats the truth even if he is gay lmfao big kiss troll you fucker pops . same ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one good vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something pops . this is an interesting read . support hasnt gotten back to you . i dont really believe most of reddit more than onion forums dont keep bitcoin in any marketplace make quick transactions with your vendors practice escrow it makes vendors ship out your item quicker so that the coin is not sitting in escrow get to the point where you can do off market transactions with your preferred trusted vendors nucleus has been around under the shadow of other marketplaces just as every marketplace thats not as popular is as a buyer i follow the vendors wherever they go i keep their private keys and keep constant good relations and communications with them in case of market seizure or they migrate so far i enjoy ag the most but i do like testing out other marketplaces interface nucleus has a neat check out process . i like nucleus bitcoin move in and out easily within min the check out system is new intuitive way to shop multi crypts currency though who really uses that right many gamesome vendors from ag other popular marketplaces i just copped a few grams of karmasyndicates mda mdma packages to help validate and boost activity over at nucleus the forums up time are aright something to do when im not at ag or here glad to see the hub is back on . support hasnt gotten back to you . this is an interesting read . quote from pops x on march pmsame ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something popseven the devil speaks the truth sometimes zaphod . i like nucleus bitcoin move in and out easily within min the check out system is new intuitive way to shop multi crypts currency though who really uses that right many gamesome vendors from ag other popular marketplaces i just copped a few grams of karmasyndicates mda mdma packages to help validate and boost activity over at nucleus the forums up time are aright something to do when im not at ag or here glad to see the hub is back on . i dont really believe most of reddit more than onion forums dont keep bitcoin in any marketplace make quick transactions with your vendors practice escrow it makes vendors ship out your item quicker so that the coin is not sitting in escrow get to the point where you can do off market transactions with your preferred trusted vendors nucleus has been around under the shadow of other marketplaces just as every marketplace thats not as popular is as a buyer i follow the vendors wherever they go i keep their private keys and keep constant good relations and communications with them in case of market seizure or they migrate so far i enjoy ag the most but i do like testing out other marketplaces interface nucleus has a neat check out process . quote from pops x on march pmsame ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something popseven the devil speaks the truth sometimes zaphod . i dont really believe most of reddit more than onion forums dont keep bitcoin in any marketplace make quick transactions with your vendors practice escrow it makes vendors ship out your item quicker so that the coin is not sitting in escrow get to the point where you can do off market transactions with your preferred trusted vendors nucleus has been around under the shadow of other marketplaces just as every marketplace thats not as popular is as a buyer i follow the vendors wherever they go i keep their private keys and keep constant good relations and communications with them in case of market seizure or they migrate so far i enjoy ag the most but i do like testing out other marketplaces interface nucleus has a neat check out process . i like nucleus bitcoin move in and out easily within min the check out system is new intuitive way to shop multi crypts currency though who really uses that right many gamesome vendors from ag other popular marketplaces i just copped a few grams of karmasyndicates mda mdma packages to help validate and boost activity over at nucleus the forums up time are aright something to do when im not at ag or here glad to see the hub is back on . quote from pops x on march pmsame ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something popseven the devil speaks the truth sometimes zaphod . same ol same ol im not going to wade through your post but i know one good vendor who left in a real huff i trust nucleus less than i trust you and thats saying something pops . there are devils and then there are devils after that there comes troll very poor style but he said a lot that has come to past thats the truth even if he is gay lmfao big kiss troll you fucker pops . 