hello i wan a know how peoples think about crypto market because i wan na buy full parade vendor account but i need to know if it is good market so every peoples having a real experience on this onionsite let me know please regards . quote from the other walter on february pmhi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind hi walt . hi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind . quote from aethon on february pmquote from the other walter on february pmhi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind hi walt thanks aethon whats up . hi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind . quote from aethon on february pmquote from the other walter on february pmhi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind hi walt thanks aethon whats up . same here no reaction since weeks oh my sweet crow coins quotesent at unread . quote from weedim on may amok for me i got reply and apply vendor who answered you username . i have sending mail to custom service and captain every another day same writing about two months now some has been headed but no reply and they have done nothing to get my money back . hello weedim company is happy to present his shop here we are wholesalers and we just start to work here but we already got some experiences and feedbacks on others markets if you wan na see some feedbacks about us go here feedbacks oasis fd feedbacks drs market feedbacks acropolis can see me here too python market detox you need more informations follow our links for check our shop or sent us p m we reply back to you very quickly and with pleasure regards . messages in weeks and i clik on verification for vendor account and nothing move . ok for me i got reply and apply vendor someone knows how put pictures on ad thanks . quote from daqillin on may pmquote from weedim on may amok for me i got reply and apply vendor who answered you username kapteeni . hello send several message and get no answer send too at kapteeni and same whats happen . hello i wan a know how peoples think about crypto market because i wan na buy full parade vendor account but i need to know if it is good market so every peoples having a real experience on this onionsite let me know please regards . thanks for your reply i got nahalal apply vendor for free and fe because i got many reviews inothers market so i have commission rates right . valhallas commission fee is current at of the value of each order and for established vendors after returned bond or coming from other other markets . hello how much take vahalla for every sales i didnt find this information somewhere . if you need this kind of stuff go to see my profile python d market market detox good conditions return policy shipping times stealth and communication about natio price quantity g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g dont hesitate to sent me p m if you need more informations friendly regards . thetoothfairy just for the avatar zaphod . quote from daqillin on may pmsame here no reaction since weeks oh my sweet crow coins quotesent at unread yes i have a feeling there might not be a valhalla anymore a few weeks from now . quote from weedim on may amok for me i got reply and apply vendor someone knows how put pictures on ad thankswhat was the username of the admin that replied maybe we could message him directly because i am waiting weeks to get endor status confirmed . how long ago did you contact them kapteeni can take months to answer and sometimes reads messages but doesnt answer support can take weeks and in worst case months to respond valhalla support sucks and they need more employees to meet the high number of customers i feel kapteeni remembered to set up the server infrastructure to provide a smooth experience but forgot that you need people to run ship too . i contacted support so have i really wait week to month to their answer and or solve my problem . quote from the other walter on february pmhi weedim take some time to read this thread and make up your mind hi walt . 