he has retired thats all i know . his profile has been set to holiday mode for over a month on agora and i cant even find his listings on silkroad anymore his private forum has been giving a error for at least a month lotuss coupon packs are some of the best purchases i have ever made on the dw and i just loved the coupon community on his private forum please reply here or send me a pm if you have any info on what lotuss status is or how to contact him or his staff thanks guys . no way he has retired thats so disappointing to hear i guess we wont be getting anymore updates on the coupon packs he was such a good guy with an gamesome private forum thanks for the info just the same evilgrin . he has retired thats all i know . yeah it is dissapointing even though i never used his services i still liked the useful and unique service that he offered my guess is that everyone started catching on to the coupns and it became much less easy to use them just speculation though . his profile has been set to holiday mode for over a month on agora and i cant even find his listings on silkroad anymore his private forum has been giving a error for at least a month lotuss coupon packs are some of the best purchases i have ever made on the dw and i just loved the coupon community on his private forum please reply here or send me a pm if you have any info on what lotuss status is or how to contact him or his staff thanks guys . yeah it is dissapointing even though i never used his services i still liked the useful and unique service that he offered my guess is that everyone started catching on to the coupns and it became much less easy to use them just speculation though . yeah it is dissapointing even though i never used his services i still liked the useful and unique service that he offered my guess is that everyone started catching on to the coupns and it became much less easy to use them just speculation though . no way he has retired thats so disappointing to hear i guess we wont be getting anymore updates on the coupon packs he was such a good guy with an gamesome private forum thanks for the info just the same evilgrin . his profile has been set to holiday mode for over a month on agora and i cant even find his listings on silkroad anymore his private forum has been giving a error for at least a month lotuss coupon packs are some of the best purchases i have ever made on the dw and i just loved the coupon community on his private forum please reply here or send me a pm if you have any info on what lotuss status is or how to contact him or his staff thanks guys . no way he has retired thats so disappointing to hear i guess we wont be getting anymore updates on the coupon packs he was such a good guy with an gamesome private forum thanks for the info just the same evilgrin . he has retired thats all i know . yeah it is dissapointing even though i never used his services i still liked the useful and unique service that he offered my guess is that everyone started catching on to the coupns and it became much less easy to use them just speculation though . he has retired thats all i know . no way he has retired thats so disappointing to hear i guess we wont be getting anymore updates on the coupon packs he was such a good guy with an gamesome private forum thanks for the info just the same evilgrin . his profile has been set to holiday mode for over a month on agora and i cant even find his listings on silkroad anymore his private forum has been giving a error for at least a month lotuss coupon packs are some of the best purchases i have ever made on the dw and i just loved the coupon community on his private forum please reply here or send me a pm if you have any info on what lotuss status is or how to contact him or his staff thanks guys . i guess a new team has taken over with his blessing i read some things on his old market review threads good news for me too . i guess a new team has taken over with his blessing i read some things on his old market review threads good news for me too . i guess a new team has taken over with his blessing i read some things on his old market review threads good news for me too . i guess a new team has taken over with his blessing i read some things on his old market review threads good news for me too . 