they are current private and not accepting new members i believe they have done this to limit the strain on the market they may open it up in the future but for the time being you can not join dhl . quote from pckabml on march pmhow good and busy is del market worth the effort trying to join personally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join . just what a marketplace needs more sammy digital vendors . how good and busy is del market worth the effort trying to join . does anyone have an invitation for this i am a digital vendor on alpha me know guys . quote from arcane on march impersonally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join thanks for the information from a volume business perspective it makes little sense although it does create the hype you mentioned . quote from pckabml on march pmquote from arcane on march impersonally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join thanks for the information from a volume business perspective it makes little sense although it does create the hype you mentioned precisely what market is going to want to limit volume when there are so many now all competing for business it doesnt make any sense . i joined it when it first opened it wasnt that good and i couldnt get a reply from staff so i left maybe its improved now but it is just another market really with not much products on there well thats how it looked to me and if its invite only i cant see there being many more products on there tbh . quote from willywonka on march ami am a little bit in the know and i can tell they have closed registration so they can work on their next updates and make sure the quality of service doesnt go down the invite codes are only unable once and vendors only got of these and i know for sure anyone spamming or selling those will get banned instantly i know its hard to believe but creating some hype wasnt the intention they are brewing something classy over there almost feels like back in the days well that good to hear i can be a little cynical these days but if its a genuine move on their part then so be it del does have one of the nicest uis of any market be good to see what they have planned for updating the site . thanks for all the info guns well have a look to vend there when registrations open up again . i am a little bit in the know and i can tell they have closed registration so they can work on their next updates and make sure the quality of service doesnt go down the invite codes are only unable once and vendors only got of these and i know for sure anyone spamming or selling those will get banned instantly i know its hard to believe but creating some hype wasnt the intention they are brewing something classy over there almost feels like back in the days . quote from muttznutz on march pmi joined it when it first opened it wasnt that good and i couldnt get a reply from staff so i left maybe its improved now but it is just another market really with not much products on there well thats how it looked to me and if its invite only i cant see there being many more products on there the find that hard to believe i get replies to support tickets within the hour usually i am not exagerating yeah thy always say consider everything beta . joined dhl when it was in its baby stage and honestly it was all style and no substance . i joined it when it first opened it wasnt that good and i couldnt get a reply from staff so i left maybe its improved now but it is just another market really with not much products on there well thats how it looked to me and if its invite only i cant see there being many more products on there tbh . they are current private and not accepting new members i believe they have done this to limit the strain on the market they may open it up in the future but for the time being you can not join dhl . joined dhl when it was in its baby stage and honestly it was all style and no substance . just what a marketplace needs more sammy digital vendors . thanks for all the info guns well have a look to vend there when registrations open up again . quote from willywonka on march ami am a little bit in the know and i can tell they have closed registration so they can work on their next updates and make sure the quality of service doesnt go down the invite codes are only unable once and vendors only got of these and i know for sure anyone spamming or selling those will get banned instantly i know its hard to believe but creating some hype wasnt the intention they are brewing something classy over there almost feels like back in the days well that good to hear i can be a little cynical these days but if its a genuine move on their part then so be it del does have one of the nicest uis of any market be good to see what they have planned for updating the site . how good and busy is del market worth the effort trying to join . quote from pckabml on march pmhow good and busy is del market worth the effort trying to join personally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join . quote from pckabml on march pmquote from arcane on march impersonally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join thanks for the information from a volume business perspective it makes little sense although it does create the hype you mentioned precisely what market is going to want to limit volume when there are so many now all competing for business it doesnt make any sense . i am a little bit in the know and i can tell they have closed registration so they can work on their next updates and make sure the quality of service doesnt go down the invite codes are only unable once and vendors only got of these and i know for sure anyone spamming or selling those will get banned instantly i know its hard to believe but creating some hype wasnt the intention they are brewing something classy over there almost feels like back in the days . quote from muttznutz on march pmi joined it when it first opened it wasnt that good and i couldnt get a reply from staff so i left maybe its improved now but it is just another market really with not much products on there well thats how it looked to me and if its invite only i cant see there being many more products on there the find that hard to believe i get replies to support tickets within the hour usually i am not exagerating yeah thy always say consider everything beta . quote from arcane on march impersonally i think all this restricting of new membership stuff is just a way of creating more interest as proved by the post above makes people think its some sort of exclusive club they just have to find out more about and want to join thanks for the information from a volume business perspective it makes little sense although it does create the hype you mentioned . does anyone have an invitation for this i am a digital vendor on alpha me know guys . 