quote from ne on september pmyes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you you may find helpful . hi people im having trouble getting my btc out of onion wallet the hidden service when i type everything in and click send it always ends up with a blank php page the same thing happens when i try to contact the support can anyone tell me whats going on thank you guys bow im using tor browser greetz . quote from ne on september pmyes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you you may find helpful . yes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you . the onionwallet from the hidden wiki of all never visit the hidden wiki again its a pile of shit this onionwallet looks much like a scam i just tested it and also get an empty page when trying to withdraw all you can do is contact their support and hope that it is some kind of temporary issue but get used to the idea that your btc is probably gone . the onionwallet from the hidden wiki of all never visit the hidden wiki again its a pile of shit this onionwallet looks much like a scam i just tested it and also get an empty page when trying to withdraw all you can do is contact their support and hope that it is some kind of temporary issue but get used to the idea that your btc is probably gone . hi people im having trouble getting my btc out of onion wallet the hidden service when i type everything in and click send it always ends up with a blank php page the same thing happens when i try to contact the support can anyone tell me whats going on thank you guys bow im using tor browser greetz . quote from ne on september pmyes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you you may find helpful . yes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you . yes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you . hi people im having trouble getting my btc out of onion wallet the hidden service when i type everything in and click send it always ends up with a blank php page the same thing happens when i try to contact the support can anyone tell me whats going on thank you guys bow im using tor browser greetz . the onionwallet from the hidden wiki of all never visit the hidden wiki again its a pile of shit this onionwallet looks much like a scam i just tested it and also get an empty page when trying to withdraw all you can do is contact their support and hope that it is some kind of temporary issue but get used to the idea that your btc is probably gone . hi people im having trouble getting my btc out of onion wallet the hidden service when i type everything in and click send it always ends up with a blank php page the same thing happens when i try to contact the support can anyone tell me whats going on thank you guys bow im using tor browser greetz . quote from ne on september pmyes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you you may find helpful . yes thats the wallet im talking about and i think you are probably right looks like the coins are gone but im still hoping what you said about the wiki can you tell me a good alternative thank you . the onionwallet from the hidden wiki of all never visit the hidden wiki again its a pile of shit this onionwallet looks much like a scam i just tested it and also get an empty page when trying to withdraw all you can do is contact their support and hope that it is some kind of temporary issue but get used to the idea that your btc is probably gone . it is indeed thanks jh . it is indeed thanks jh . it is indeed thanks jh . it is indeed thanks jh . 