okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity by our hosting provider in order to prevent any information being seized we had to shut down all servers activating encryption and are now in the process of moving to the backup serve current all services are inaccessible sorry for the inconvenience we estimate the works being complete within hours question this site seems to be working found through torsearch exactly like bitcoin fog but it is a backup or could it be a scam . dont use the other address that would most certainly be a swam sounds like there is nothing you can do but wait . havent been able to get the site to load at all today same for everyone anyone else . havent been able to get the site to load at all today same for everyone anyone else . dont use the other address that would most certainly be a swam sounds like there is nothing you can do but wait . okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity by our hosting provider in order to prevent any information being seized we had to shut down all servers activating encryption and are now in the process of moving to the backup serve current all services are inaccessible sorry for the inconvenience we estimate the works being complete within hours question this site seems to be working found through torsearch exactly like bitcoin fog but it is a backup or could it be a scam . okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity by our hosting provider in order to prevent any information being seized we had to shut down all servers activating encryption and are now in the process of moving to the backup serve current all services are inaccessible sorry for the inconvenience we estimate the works being complete within hours question this site seems to be working found through torsearch exactly like bitcoin fog but it is a backup or could it be a scam . havent been able to get the site to load at all today same for everyone anyone else . okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity by our hosting provider in order to prevent any information being seized we had to shut down all servers activating encryption and are now in the process of moving to the backup serve current all services are inaccessible sorry for the inconvenience we estimate the works being complete within hours question this site seems to be working found through torsearch exactly like bitcoin fog but it is a backup or could it be a scam . havent been able to get the site to load at all today same for everyone anyone else . dont use the other address that would most certainly be a swam sounds like there is nothing you can do but wait . dont use the other address that would most certainly be a swam sounds like there is nothing you can do but wait . i read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terp . same here no access for hours has anyone tried the new bitblender site while we sit this out . i read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terp . i read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terp . i read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terp . same here no access for hours has anyone tried the new bitblender site while we sit this out . same here no access for hours has anyone tried the new bitblender site while we sit this out . same here no access for hours has anyone tried the new bitblender site while we sit this out . ive used bit blender a couple times and was very impressed with ease of use and speed . quote from terpene on april pmi read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terpbitblender link . quote from terpene on april pmi read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terpbitblender link . ive used bit blender a couple times and was very impressed with ease of use and speed . ive used bit blender a couple times and was very impressed with ease of use and speed . quote from terpene on april pmi read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terpbitblender link . ive used bit blender a couple times and was very impressed with ease of use and speed . quote from terpene on april pmi read or dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog is moving servers to a new host give not been using it at all since they started fucking around with long delays in and out and have moved to bitblender so far seems like an excellent service and i do like the autowithdrawal feature terpbitblender link . hello if you are looking for an alternative then you can use our tumbler service view more here . hello if you are looking for an alternative then you can use our tumbler service view more here . hello if you are looking for an alternative then you can use our tumbler service view more here . hello if you are looking for an alternative then you can use our tumbler service view more here . i personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum or btc armory they give you unlimited addys to send and receive coins plus for extra protection you can encrypt it and store in a virtual box theres my etc worth of thought . bitcoin fog is fine no worries . i personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum or btc armory they give you unlimited addys to send and receive coins plus for extra protection you can encrypt it and store in a virtual box theres my etc worth of thought . bitcoin fog is fine no worries . i personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum or btc armory they give you unlimited addys to send and receive coins plus for extra protection you can encrypt it and store in a virtual box theres my etc worth of thought . i personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum or btc armory they give you unlimited addys to send and receive coins plus for extra protection you can encrypt it and store in a virtual box theres my etc worth of thought . bitcoin fog is fine no worries . bitcoin fog is fine no worries . 