new to the market support your local i am only doing shipping in canada for right now sign on dream market and check my vendor website for more details difyeqm ld onion contactmember member gspot nospace im selling cocaine its high quaility fish scale first time customers will be sent an additional grams for any grams purchased and or grams for any ram order limited to one order per customer enjoy yourself . quote from gspot on march amnew to the market support your local i am only doing shipping in canada for right now sign on dream market and check my vendor website for more details difyeqm ld onion contactmember member gspot nospace im selling cocaine its high quaility fish scale first time customers will be sent an additional grams for any grams purchased and or grams for any ram order limited to one order per customer enjoy yourself these are exactly the extras flat promised as a up vendor of d methamphetamine before he exited with bitcoin in hand and vanished im calling nans . applying for a ventor tag and need to learn how to sign a message please can someone link me or show me how to do that with tails . quote from planetaryalignment on march pmin tails highlight a message as if you were trying to encrypt it ever notice the uncropt button says sign encrypt you are going to go through the steps as if you were encrypting a message instead of checking a box with someones name who to encrypt to click on the drop down message next to sign message as pick your own key then paste in your newly signed message planetaryalignmentits as easy as said . quote from planetaryalignment on march pmin tails highlight a message as if you were trying to encrypt it ever notice the uncropt button says sign encrypt you are going to go through the steps as if you were encrypting a message instead of checking a box with someones name who to encrypt to click on the drop down message next to sign message as pick your own key then paste in your newly signed message planetaryalignmentthnx pa . in tails highlight a message as if you were trying to encrypt it ever notice the uncropt button says sign encrypt you are going to go through the steps as if you were encrypting a message instead of checking a box with someones name who to encrypt to click on the drop down message next to sign message as pick your own key then paste in your newly signed message planetaryalignment . i took the idea to promote oneself and planning to stuck around for a while . im a canadian trapped in the usai an prove it eh . quote from digitaldong on march amim a canadian trapped in the usai an prove it eh how the weather over there its freaking cold where iam . thanks . im actually out in my shorts and tshirt in the colder daysthe cops were called once thinking i was drunk or high on somethingi was stoned a bit though but could still talk to the coppers . 