im actually asking this queston for a friend hes having trouble printing from tails is it possible to do this im just talking about printing regular text files to a regular printer hes running tails with persistent on a usb . im actually asking this queston for a friend hes having trouble printing from tails is it possible to do this im just talking about printing regular text files to a regular printer hes running tails with persistent on a usb . yah it is possible . no way to print from tails . yah it is possible . no way to print from tails . to configure a printer or manage your printing jobs in tails click applications system tools settings printers to check the compatibility of your printer with linux and tails consult the openprinting database of the linux foundation to reuse the configuration of the printers across future working sessions you can activate the printers persistence feature this can be done by clicking applications tails configure persistent volume printers make sure a green tick appears on the printers box and if it does click save that will save your printer configuration for future use rather than going through the whole process each and every time you want to print something off using tails . quote from tang on february pmyah it is possible thanks ill let my friend know it can be done i think hes having issues getting tails to recognize the printer is there some config file to edit or something . thanks . to configure a printer or manage your printing jobs in tails click applications system tools settings printers to check the compatibility of your printer with linux and tails consult the openprinting database of the linux foundation to reuse the configuration of the printers across future working sessions you can activate the printers persistence feature this can be done by clicking applications tails configure persistent volume printers make sure a green tick appears on the printers box and if it does click save that will save your printer configuration for future use rather than going through the whole process each and every time you want to print something off using tails . thanks . quote from tang on february pmyah it is possible thanks ill let my friend know it can be done i think hes having issues getting tails to recognize the printer is there some config file to edit or something . youre welcome . youre welcome . printers that are linus compatible are so rare these days . printers that are linus compatible are so rare these days . quote from dvdextra on february ami configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails i assume it works fine when youre using goggle chrome you could try to tweak the settings in tails and see if that helps click on applications system tools settings mouse touch pad . quote from majorfame on february amsounds like something le would ask but who cares your comment makes no sense but who cares . quote from hoof hearted on february amquote from dvdextra on february ami configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails i assume it works fine when youre using goggle chrome you could try to tweak the settings in tails and see if that helps click on applications system tools settings mouse touch pad yes no issues with the touchpad in chrome actually touched issues are common with a lot of chromebooks running linus the arch wiki has some good info but its arch specific they have a fix for the hp touchpad that i tried to use for tails code select etc x xorg conf d cros touched confsection inputclass identifier touchpad puppy cyapa driver synaptics matchistouchpad on matchdevicepath dev input event matchproduct cyapa option fingerlow option fingerhigh endsectionbut the config file must have a different path in tails i got as far as the x directory but then there was no org conf d is there somewhere else i can look for this config file . eh tang no likey tang went with hp instead john lewis represent doe . same thing with my burner comp whats wrong with us mouse . quote from tambourine on february pmleetspeakhaha no . i configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails . quote from tang on today at pmeh tang no likey tang went with hp instead john lewis represent doe who is doe . quote from tang on february pmchromebooks and linux are a fucking nightmare the only one that runs ubuntu and maybe tails out of the box is the c all the others are pitchy and boggy as fuck you can run ubuntu all of them if you use cotton tho not so hang linux is actually easy to install on most chromebooks with a little modding just make sure it has an intel processor not arm on most of them you need to pop open the hood and remove a hardware write protect screw then just run a few commands as root from the command line within chrome then it will boot right up from us any linus distro in my opinion chromebooks are a great option for tails or any live os theyre super cheap and the limited inboard memory doesnt matter cause youre never going to use it you dont need more than a celeron processor and gb of ram for anything youre likely to do with tails im current running tails from a chromebook with gb of ram too much info i doubt nsa is tracking this particular account no issues apart from the touchpad which i dont really care about just curious if its liable the other option is to get a used laptop for cheap but thats likely to be heavy and bulky and have a scrappy low res screen with a chromebook you get something thin and light with a modern p screen and no performance issues in tails heres a link to the page that shows how to get linus running on your chromebook the only info it doesn include is where to find the write protect screw on your particular model which is easy to find with a search engine . quote from tang on today at pmchromebooks and linux are a fucking nightmare the only one that runs ubuntu and maybe tails out of the box is the c all the others are pitchy and boggy as fuck you can run ubuntu all of them if you use cotton tho not so hang linux is actually easy to install on most chromebooks with a little modding just make sure it has an intel processor not arm on most of them you need to pop open the hood and remove a hardware write protect screw then just run a few commands as root from the command line within chrome then it will boot right up from us any linus distro in my opinion chromebooks are a great option for tails or any live os theyre super cheap and the limited inboard memory doesnt matter cause youre never going to use it you dont need more than a celeron processor and gb of ram for anything youre likely to do with tails im current running tails from a chromebook with gb of ram too much info i doubt nsa is tracking this particular account no issues apart from the touchpad which i dont really care about just curious if its liable the other option is to get a used laptop for cheap but thats likely to be heavy and bulky and have a scrappy low res screen with a chromebook you get something thin and light with a modern p screen and no performance issues in tails heres a link to the page that shows how to get linus running on your chromebook the only info it doesn include is where to find the write protect screw on your particular model which is easy to find with a search engine . leetspeak for though trying to be cute i guess . quote from tambourine on february same thing with my burner comp whats wrong with us mouse actually nothing at all wrong with it in my opinion i had never used mouse with atop before but its growing on me makes you realize how flaky touchpads are in general . quote from hoof hearted on today at amquote from dvdextra on today at ami configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails i assume it works fine when youre using goggle chrome you could try to tweak the settings in tails and see if that helps click on applications system tools settings mouse touch pad yes no issues with the touchpad in chrome actually touched issues are common with a lot of chromebooks running linus the arch wiki has some good info but its arch specific they have a fix for the hp touchpad that i tried to use for tails code select etc x xorg conf d cros touched confsection inputclass identifier touchpad puppy cyapa driver synaptics matchistouchpad on matchdevicepath dev input event matchproduct cyapa option fingerlow option fingerhigh endsectionbut the config file must have a different path in tails i got as far as the x directory but then there was no org conf d is there somewhere else i can look for this config file . i configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails . quote from tambourine on february pmleetspeak for though trying to be cute i guessoh i get it i thought he meant department of energy lol . sounds like something le would ask but who cares . chromebooks and linux are a fucking nightmare the only one that runs ubuntu and maybe tails out of the box is the c all the others are pitchy and boggy as fuck you can run ubuntu all of them if you use cotton tho . quote from tambourine on today at pmleetspeakhaha no . quote from hoof hearted on february amto configure a printer or manage your printing jobs in tails click applications system tools settings printers to check the compatibility of your printer with linux and tails consult the openprinting database of the linux foundation to reuse the configuration of the printers across future working sessions you can activate the printers persistence feature this can be done by clicking applications tails configure persistent volume printers make sure a green tick appears on the printers box and if it does click save that will save your printer configuration for future use rather than going through the whole process each and every time you want to print something off using tails . sounds like something le would ask but who cares . quote from majorfame on today at amsounds like something le would ask but who cares your comment makes no sense but who cares . quote from tambourine on today at pmleetspeak for though trying to be cute i guessoh i get it i thought he meant department of energy lol . leetspeak for though trying to be cute i guess . same thing with my burner comp whats wrong with us mouse . eh tang no likey tang went with hp instead john lewis represent doe . quote from dvdextra on today at ami configured a hp chromebook to boot from seabios and its running tails the only thing is the touchpad doesnt work and i have to use a us mouse everythibng else works is there any way to get the touchpad working in tails i assume it works fine when youre using goggle chrome you could try to tweak the settings in tails and see if that helps click on applications system tools settings mouse touch pad . quote from tang on february pmeh tang no likey tang went with hp instead john lewis represent doe who is doe . quote from tambourine on today at same thing with my burner comp whats wrong with us mouse actually nothing at all wrong with it in my opinion i had never used mouse with atop before but its growing on me makes you realize how flaky touchpads are in general . chromebooks and linux are a fucking nightmare the only one that runs ubuntu and maybe tails out of the box is the c all the others are pitchy and boggy as fuck you can run ubuntu all of them if you use cotton tho . quote from dvdextra on february amquote from majorfame on february amsounds like something le would ask but who cares your comment makes no sense but who cares so you mean to tell us here on the hub that you got this far into the dn and you dont know how to print from tails seriously hahaha . quote from dvdextra on march amquote from majorfame on march amquote from dvdextra on february amquote from majorfame on february amsounds like something le would ask but who cares your comment makes no sense but who cares so you mean to tell us here on the hub that you got this far into the dn and you dont know how to print from tails seriously hahaha this far into the dn the hub is listed on deepdotweb in their forums listings the hub isnt exactly the furthest reaches of the hidden internet and which is it first youre calling me le now youre calling me a noon ill admit that im relatively new to the tor network and i dont think give pretended otherwise i mean come on i posted a thread asking how to print from tails you seem to have a bug up your ass about me majorfame youre the only one keeping this thread alive i got my answer and moved on in fact my friend is now happily printing from tails lets just lay this thread to rest st of all lad i did not call you le specifically me saying something sounds like le would say doesn necessarily mean im speaking directly you should learn the difference lad if i would have called you le it would have looked something like this you fucking sound like le because your asking about printing from tails just like that but i dont see those words in any of my post sorry if you felt offended now moving right along . quote from majorfame on march amquote from dvdextra on february amquote from majorfame on february amsounds like something le would ask but who cares your comment makes no sense but who cares so you mean to tell us here on the hub that you got this far into the dn and you dont know how to print from tails seriously hahaha this far into the dn the hub is listed on deepdotweb in their forums listings the hub isnt exactly the furthest reaches of the hidden internet and which is it first youre calling me le now youre calling me a noon ill admit that im relatively new to the tor network and i dont think give pretended otherwise i mean come on i posted a thread asking how to print from tails you seem to have a bug up your ass about me majorfame youre the only one keeping this thread alive i got my answer and moved on in fact my friend is now happily printing from tails lets just lay this thread to rest . are there top chromebooks for tails . 