i highly doubt it just cause some agents stole some bitcoins doesn t mean ross is now innocent the problem with the agents is that they stole from the biggest crook gov t that s why they got in trouble as much as i d love to see ross out free i don t think this will be that golden ticket . i highly doubt it just cause some agents stole some bitcoins doesnt mean ross is now innocent the problem with the agents is that they stole from the biggest crook govt thats why they got in trouble as much as in love to see ross out free i dont think this will be that golden ticket . another appeal in the works ross could be a free man walking the streets soon . another appeal in the works ross could be a free man walking the streets soon . another appeal in the works ross could be a free man walking the streets soon . i highly doubt it just cause some agents stole some bitcoins doesnt mean ross is now innocent the problem with the agents is that they stole from the biggest crook govt thats why they got in trouble as much as in love to see ross out free i dont think this will be that golden ticket . how great would that be the people that were supposed to put him in jail are now the reason why he may be out of jail would be sweet . my thoughts exactly the long arm of the law fucks itself on what has to be one of the biggest drug busts in history and because of the greed of their own it doesnt get any better than that . it could be enough to get a mistris any sort of dirty work behind the scenes will tarnish a court case all evidence they gained while being dirty could be suppressed . how great would that be the people that were supposed to put him in jail are now the reason why he may be out of jail would be sweet . it could be enough to get a mistris any sort of dirty work behind the scenes will tarnish a court case all evidence they gained while being dirty could be suppressed . it could be enough to get a mistris any sort of dirty work behind the scenes will tarnish a court case all evidence they gained while being dirty could be suppressed . my thoughts exactly the long arm of the law fucks itself on what has to be one of the biggest drug busts in history and because of the greed of their own it doesnt get any better than that . my thoughts exactly the long arm of the law fucks itself on what has to be one of the biggest drug busts in history and because of the greed of their own it doesn t get any better than that . how great would that be the people that were supposed to put him in jail are now the reason why he may be out of jail would be sweet . is this what we pay taxes for . is this what we pay taxes for . is this what we pay taxes for . 