looks like pm is also now offering referrals similar to agora . looks like pm is also now offering referrals similar to agora . looks like pm is also now offering referrals similar to agora . looks like pm is also now offering referrals similar to agora . i know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down im glad now that i always demand fe and that i just transferred all coin from my account . here is the message now being displayed when you use the original agora uri unfortunately the new url they give doesn work current quote begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details of a serious bug in the opens library were made public this bug which affected a large number of web servers and devices was popularly referred to as heartbleed the bug allows anybody connecting to a vulnerable service to reveal the contents of memory on the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc there is more information about the bug and the versions of openssl that are affected at the jebusite setup for the bug is a hidden service served on the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes up the network was affected by this bug in some instances since it integrates the opens library the tor project wrote a blog post about how this bug affects various aspects of the tor service users of the tor browser bundle you should upgrade to the latest release version immediately as the bundled version of tor is vulnerable to the attack get the latest tor browser bundle version from agora as a hidden service we have investigated the possibilities of exploitation and to our current best knowledge the most an attacker could hope to gain in a hypothetically situation of successful exploitation is the ability to impersonate the hidden service the tor blog post on this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow an attacker to identify the location of the hidden service but an attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service at this time even an attack like that is looking unlikely and we havent seen any signs of it being successfully executed however since the underlying bug is very serious and has been in the wild for an unclean amount of time we will be taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys reflectively this means that we need to change the address of the market additional we have decided to take the market down for some time so we can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used by it in order to fully protect ourselves from any hypothetically damage or information leaks we estimate that this process will be complete by the end of the week we do understand that this is a big inconvenience for many of you but please understand that we do this for the sake of your anonymity as well the new address to be used from now on to access agra when its available will be address to access agora forums is are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security of our market and users and are taking these steps as a precaution begin pip signature iqicbaebagagbqjtseztaaojelckzxcnk yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn yp ctqqys ynbecj clyqi u bzl k lwarlsntghzbqiifx big yzv s gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah f uugnsg kber ewsp q ncwuwyrqa x ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw va glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds l zzcbs pv nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml muyx sopay hc cnykmsqct zl iykg hrzm enxxv hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz qukwmqmhmkbakre ffbfo rmkedqc b hc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv qn unc tfptydr uuodustmjlqcaljczp lxpxablq vv bofrfelgzzokmv ucdjiu vc wm ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent am y jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi no qwf km cm e jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd tt g lgzde cuidyengrhrh kxxgh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk enohilvqkthjvfeidklxzdb wnckjeidp e zd end pgp signature . i am worried this might be some sort of phishing swam anyone tried to login with those urls already . give got my tinfoil hat on . quote from feesh on april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace this is correct a major vulnerability was discovered and it is smart for any jebusite especially a darknet one to take the the site offline until everything is solved and confirmed to be safe the forms work at the new address the main site will be up in two to three days at most i dont see agra going away any time soon . we should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace . is this something we need to be worried about there were no posts on the forum indicating this was or has happened the forum redirects to a new url and the market is not coming up at all problem loading page . give got my tinfoil hat on . the sig checks out as the agora market key at least new forum uri works now posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable . i am worried this might be some sort of phishing swam anyone tried to login with those urls already . quote from feesh on april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace this is correct a major vulnerability was discovered and it is smart for any jebusite especially a darknet one to take the the site offline until everything is solved and confirmed to be safe the forms work at the new address the main site will be up in two to three days at most i dont see agra going away any time soon . the sig checks out as the agora market key at least new forum uri works now posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable . the sig checks out as the agora market key at least new forum uri works now posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable . give got my tinfoil hat on . give got my tinfoil hat on . i am worried this might be some sort of phishing swam anyone tried to login with those urls already . the sig checks out as the agora market key at least new forum uri works now posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable . here is the message now being displayed when you use the original agora uri unfortunately the new url they give doesn work current quote begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details of a serious bug in the opens library were made public this bug which affected a large number of web servers and devices was popularly referred to as heartbleed the bug allows anybody connecting to a vulnerable service to reveal the contents of memory on the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc there is more information about the bug and the versions of openssl that are affected at the jebusite setup for the bug is a hidden service served on the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes up the network was affected by this bug in some instances since it integrates the opens library the tor project wrote a blog post about how this bug affects various aspects of the tor service users of the tor browser bundle you should upgrade to the latest release version immediately as the bundled version of tor is vulnerable to the attack get the latest tor browser bundle version from agora as a hidden service we have investigated the possibilities of exploitation and to our current best knowledge the most an attacker could hope to gain in a hypothetically situation of successful exploitation is the ability to impersonate the hidden service the tor blog post on this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow an attacker to identify the location of the hidden service but an attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service at this time even an attack like that is looking unlikely and we havent seen any signs of it being successfully executed however since the underlying bug is very serious and has been in the wild for an unclean amount of time we will be taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys reflectively this means that we need to change the address of the market additional we have decided to take the market down for some time so we can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used by it in order to fully protect ourselves from any hypothetically damage or information leaks we estimate that this process will be complete by the end of the week we do understand that this is a big inconvenience for many of you but please understand that we do this for the sake of your anonymity as well the new address to be used from now on to access agra when its available will be address to access agora forums is are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security of our market and users and are taking these steps as a precaution begin pip signature iqicbaebagagbqjtseztaaojelckzxcnk yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn yp ctqqys ynbecj clyqi u bzl k lwarlsntghzbqiifx big yzv s gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah f uugnsg kber ewsp q ncwuwyrqa x ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw va glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds l zzcbs pv nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml muyx sopay hc cnykmsqct zl iykg hrzm enxxv hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz qukwmqmhmkbakre ffbfo rmkedqc b hc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv qn unc tfptydr uuodustmjlqcaljczp lxpxablq vv bofrfelgzzokmv ucdjiu vc wm ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent am y jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi no qwf km cm e jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd tt g lgzde cuidyengrhrh kxxgh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk enohilvqkthjvfeidklxzdb wnckjeidp e zd end pgp signature . here is the message now being displayed when you use the original agora uri unfortunately the new url they give doesn work current quote begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details of a serious bug in the opens library were made public this bug which affected a large number of web servers and devices was popularly referred to as heartbleed the bug allows anybody connecting to a vulnerable service to reveal the contents of memory on the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc there is more information about the bug and the versions of openssl that are affected at the jebusite setup for the bug is a hidden service served on the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes up the network was affected by this bug in some instances since it integrates the opens library the tor project wrote a blog post about how this bug affects various aspects of the tor service users of the tor browser bundle you should upgrade to the latest release version immediately as the bundled version of tor is vulnerable to the attack get the latest tor browser bundle version from agora as a hidden service we have investigated the possibilities of exploitation and to our current best knowledge the most an attacker could hope to gain in a hypothetically situation of successful exploitation is the ability to impersonate the hidden service the tor blog post on this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow an attacker to identify the location of the hidden service but an attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service at this time even an attack like that is looking unlikely and we havent seen any signs of it being successfully executed however since the underlying bug is very serious and has been in the wild for an unclean amount of time we will be taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys reflectively this means that we need to change the address of the market additional we have decided to take the market down for some time so we can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used by it in order to fully protect ourselves from any hypothetically damage or information leaks we estimate that this process will be complete by the end of the week we do understand that this is a big inconvenience for many of you but please understand that we do this for the sake of your anonymity as well the new address to be used from now on to access agra when its available will be address to access agora forums is are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security of our market and users and are taking these steps as a precaution begin pip signature iqicbaebagagbqjtseztaaojelckzxcnk yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn yp ctqqys ynbecj clyqi u bzl k lwarlsntghzbqiifx big yzv s gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah f uugnsg kber ewsp q ncwuwyrqa x ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw va glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds l zzcbs pv nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml muyx sopay hc cnykmsqct zl iykg hrzm enxxv hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz qukwmqmhmkbakre ffbfo rmkedqc b hc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv qn unc tfptydr uuodustmjlqcaljczp lxpxablq vv bofrfelgzzokmv ucdjiu vc wm ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent am y jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi no qwf km cm e jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd tt g lgzde cuidyengrhrh kxxgh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk enohilvqkthjvfeidklxzdb wnckjeidp e zd end pgp signature . here is the message now being displayed when you use the original agora uri unfortunately the new url they give doesn work current quote begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details of a serious bug in the opens library were made public this bug which affected a large number of web servers and devices was popularly referred to as heartbleed the bug allows anybody connecting to a vulnerable service to reveal the contents of memory on the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc there is more information about the bug and the versions of openssl that are affected at the jebusite setup for the bug is a hidden service served on the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes up the network was affected by this bug in some instances since it integrates the opens library the tor project wrote a blog post about how this bug affects various aspects of the tor service users of the tor browser bundle you should upgrade to the latest release version immediately as the bundled version of tor is vulnerable to the attack get the latest tor browser bundle version from agora as a hidden service we have investigated the possibilities of exploitation and to our current best knowledge the most an attacker could hope to gain in a hypothetically situation of successful exploitation is the ability to impersonate the hidden service the tor blog post on this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow an attacker to identify the location of the hidden service but an attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service at this time even an attack like that is looking unlikely and we havent seen any signs of it being successfully executed however since the underlying bug is very serious and has been in the wild for an unclean amount of time we will be taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys reflectively this means that we need to change the address of the market additional we have decided to take the market down for some time so we can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used by it in order to fully protect ourselves from any hypothetically damage or information leaks we estimate that this process will be complete by the end of the week we do understand that this is a big inconvenience for many of you but please understand that we do this for the sake of your anonymity as well the new address to be used from now on to access agra when its available will be address to access agora forums is are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security of our market and users and are taking these steps as a precaution begin pip signature iqicbaebagagbqjtseztaaojelckzxcnk yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn yp ctqqys ynbecj clyqi u bzl k lwarlsntghzbqiifx big yzv s gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah f uugnsg kber ewsp q ncwuwyrqa x ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw va glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds l zzcbs pv nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml muyx sopay hc cnykmsqct zl iykg hrzm enxxv hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz qukwmqmhmkbakre ffbfo rmkedqc b hc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv qn unc tfptydr uuodustmjlqcaljczp lxpxablq vv bofrfelgzzokmv ucdjiu vc wm ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent am y jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi no qwf km cm e jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd tt g lgzde cuidyengrhrh kxxgh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk enohilvqkthjvfeidklxzdb wnckjeidp e zd end pgp signature . i am worried this might be some sort of phishing swam anyone tried to login with those urls already . id still be careful fellas could this be a phishing scam . i know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down im glad now that i always demand fe and that i just transferred all coin from my account . quote from feesh on april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace this is correct a major vulnerability was discovered and it is smart for any jebusite especially a darknet one to take the the site offline until everything is solved and confirmed to be safe the forms work at the new address the main site will be up in two to three days at most i dont see agra going away any time soon . is this something we need to be worried about there were no posts on the forum indicating this was or has happened the forum redirects to a new url and the market is not coming up at all problem loading page . i know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down im glad now that i always demand fe and that i just transferred all coin from my account . id still be careful fellas could this be a phishing scam . i know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down im glad now that i always demand fe and that i just transferred all coin from my account . id still be careful fellas could this be a phishing scam . we should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace . quote from feesh on april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace this is correct a major vulnerability was discovered and it is smart for any jebusite especially a darknet one to take the the site offline until everything is solved and confirmed to be safe the forms work at the new address the main site will be up in two to three days at most i dont see agra going away any time soon . id still be careful fellas could this be a phishing scam . we should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace . we should all have our tin foil hats on however i think this is just azores responsible reaction to the heartbleed vulnerability they are changing their onion address so that nobody who gained access to private keys as a result of the vulnerability can masquerade as agra time will tell but at the moment i see this as a very positive thing the only negative thing to emerge in sure will be that alfred minions will have to come up with a new mnemonic to remember the new uri by peace . is this something we need to be worried about there were no posts on the forum indicating this was or has happened the forum redirects to a new url and the market is not coming up at all problem loading page . is this something we need to be worried about there were no posts on the forum indicating this was or has happened the forum redirects to a new url and the market is not coming up at all problem loading page . yes action does speak louder than words and theyve done nothing but disappear so far so in like to see some action on their part quote from riposte on april amquote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . im a bit surprised by the optimism here there hast been a word from agora on the forums its absurd i fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off to enjoy a nice retirement with our btc i hope im wrong but they have done nothing to communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane i dont care how small a team they are it doesn take much to post times a day to update the people who are making you rich this was very badly handled if they found something that critical that they had to shut down thats fine but you dont do that and then say nothing beyond a webpage message the only organization that i know of that did that was mtgox . i dont know about this shit i only feel comfortable posting here because the uri hasnt changed whyusheep warned of this shit a while back not sure if this was what he was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen or mentioned for that matter hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability to impersonate the hidden service agora fuck that shit no warning no nothing fuck logging in they sure as hell aint getting my password via a direct hack not trying to spread fudd just warning people be careful watch your ps and qs and lets see what the fall out is if there is any . if you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr . quote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . quote from angel eyes on april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr you can argue about the way theyve done it but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done it expeditiously kudos to them zaphod . agoras entire mo seems to have been based upon maximum disclosure so this isnt anything out of the norm personally and the only thing im basing my opinion on is experience and hunch i think well see agra back as normal albeit with a new url within a few days panic ye not . the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . newbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . yes action does speak louder than words and theyve done nothing but disappear so far so in like to see some action on their part quote from riposte on april amquote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . newbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . if you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr . i dont know about this shit i only feel comfortable posting here because the uri hasnt changed whyusheep warned of this shit a while back not sure if this was what he was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen or mentioned for that matter hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability to impersonate the hidden service agora fuck that shit no warning no nothing fuck logging in they sure as hell aint getting my password via a direct hack not trying to spread fudd just warning people be careful watch your ps and qs and lets see what the fall out is if there is any . newbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . im a bit surprised by the optimism here there hast been a word from agora on the forums its absurd i fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off to enjoy a nice retirement with our btc i hope im wrong but they have done nothing to communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane i dont care how small a team they are it doesn take much to post times a day to update the people who are making you rich this was very badly handled if they found something that critical that they had to shut down thats fine but you dont do that and then say nothing beyond a webpage message the only organization that i know of that did that was mtgox . quote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . quote from angel eyes on april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr you can argue about the way theyve done it but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done it expeditiously kudos to them zaphod . agoras entire mo seems to have been based upon maximum disclosure so this isnt anything out of the norm personally and the only thing im basing my opinion on is experience and hunch i think well see agra back as normal albeit with a new url within a few days panic ye not . quote from angel eyes on april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr you can argue about the way theyve done it but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done it expeditiously kudos to them zaphod . quote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . i dont see anybody panicking but i think its foolish to assume that everything is of and act like you know it as a fact nobody knows anything about anyone in this world thats the beautiful thing that makes it all possible it is also the ugly thing that makes it possible for anyone to do anything and never be accountable for it so until agora goes back up or doesnt i will not assume everything on that webpage is true nor will i assume theyve run off with the money give been alive for more than half a century i learned a long time ago that one can never be too sure of anyone especially when they are protected by anonymity its fine to be optimistic but done be certain because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them you cant be certain of anything quote from axa on april amnewbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . i dont see anybody panicking but i think its foolish to assume that everything is of and act like you know it as a fact nobody knows anything about anyone in this world thats the beautiful thing that makes it all possible it is also the ugly thing that makes it possible for anyone to do anything and never be accountable for it so until agora goes back up or doesnt i will not assume everything on that webpage is true nor will i assume theyve run off with the money give been alive for more than half a century i learned a long time ago that one can never be too sure of anyone especially when they are protected by anonymity its fine to be optimistic but done be certain because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them you cant be certain of anything quote from axa on april amnewbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . quote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . i dont know about this shit i only feel comfortable posting here because the uri hasnt changed whyusheep warned of this shit a while back not sure if this was what he was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen or mentioned for that matter hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability to impersonate the hidden service agora fuck that shit no warning no nothing fuck logging in they sure as hell aint getting my password via a direct hack not trying to spread fudd just warning people be careful watch your ps and qs and lets see what the fall out is if there is any . newbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . agoras entire mo seems to have been based upon maximum disclosure so this isnt anything out of the norm personally and the only thing im basing my opinion on is experience and hunch i think well see agra back as normal albeit with a new url within a few days panic ye not . if you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr . if you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr . quote from angel eyes on april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done is exactly what they needed to do to protect us from spoofing attacks i am a bit disgusted at the way theyve done it and that the site will be down for a day or two with no forenotice that said they are generally horrible at communication on agora so in not terribly surprised and that being said if they had to be good at programming and site security or communication i certainly prefer the former defcon is great at communication does anyone want to see agra turn into sr you can argue about the way theyve done it but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done it expeditiously kudos to them zaphod . i dont see anybody panicking but i think its foolish to assume that everything is of and act like you know it as a fact nobody knows anything about anyone in this world thats the beautiful thing that makes it all possible it is also the ugly thing that makes it possible for anyone to do anything and never be accountable for it so until agora goes back up or doesnt i will not assume everything on that webpage is true nor will i assume theyve run off with the money give been alive for more than half a century i learned a long time ago that one can never be too sure of anyone especially when they are protected by anonymity its fine to be optimistic but done be certain because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them you cant be certain of anything quote from axa on april amnewbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . im a bit surprised by the optimism here there hast been a word from agora on the forums its absurd i fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off to enjoy a nice retirement with our btc i hope im wrong but they have done nothing to communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane i dont care how small a team they are it doesn take much to post times a day to update the people who are making you rich this was very badly handled if they found something that critical that they had to shut down thats fine but you dont do that and then say nothing beyond a webpage message the only organization that i know of that did that was mtgox . yes action does speak louder than words and theyve done nothing but disappear so far so in like to see some action on their part quote from riposte on april amquote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . i dont see anybody panicking but i think its foolish to assume that everything is of and act like you know it as a fact nobody knows anything about anyone in this world thats the beautiful thing that makes it all possible it is also the ugly thing that makes it possible for anyone to do anything and never be accountable for it so until agora goes back up or doesnt i will not assume everything on that webpage is true nor will i assume theyve run off with the money give been alive for more than half a century i learned a long time ago that one can never be too sure of anyone especially when they are protected by anonymity its fine to be optimistic but done be certain because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them you cant be certain of anything quote from axa on april amnewbies need to chill agra vendors are not going apeshit we appreciate agra admin being practice on security read the announcement take agora at their word just be patient for a few days lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back to normal . i dont know about this shit i only feel comfortable posting here because the uri hasnt changed whyusheep warned of this shit a while back not sure if this was what he was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen or mentioned for that matter hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability to impersonate the hidden service agora fuck that shit no warning no nothing fuck logging in they sure as hell aint getting my password via a direct hack not trying to spread fudd just warning people be careful watch your ps and qs and lets see what the fall out is if there is any . the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . yes action does speak louder than words and theyve done nothing but disappear so far so in like to see some action on their part quote from riposte on april amquote from guru on april the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk is cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates . the element of surprise is over and they still havent communicated on their forums it all feels like mtgox to me put a message on your website and stop talking to people lovely quote from riposte on april the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . agoras entire mo seems to have been based upon maximum disclosure so this isnt anything out of the norm personally and the only thing im basing my opinion on is experience and hunch i think well see agra back as normal albeit with a new url within a few days panic ye not . im a bit surprised by the optimism here there hast been a word from agora on the forums its absurd i fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off to enjoy a nice retirement with our btc i hope im wrong but they have done nothing to communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane i dont care how small a team they are it doesn take much to post times a day to update the people who are making you rich this was very badly handled if they found something that critical that they had to shut down thats fine but you dont do that and then say nothing beyond a webpage message the only organization that i know of that did that was mtgox . the element of surprise is the reason agora gave no notice of their intentions with servers potentially compromise and le closing in it was best to gtfo quick smart . markets been running flawless for me for the past hrs not forum though for rc e sent your a pm on agra market good to have you back . markets been running flawless for me for the past hrs not forum though for rc e sent your a pm on agra market good to have you back . i thought it was do cause of regular usage just tried to log in again and theres nothing thank the light for the hub . anyone else unable to connect to the agora forum . no luck here either its unusual for the forum to be inaccessible makes me wonder if its getting closed . i thought it was do cause of regular usage just tried to log in again and theres nothing thank the light for the hub . up most definitely down will check periodically throughout the day to see when it comes back up will report here sucks though was trying to do some late night browsing but seems as if the hub has got me covered and has had time in my darknet travels stay safe friends . both the market and forum are down for me right now . seems like it have been trying to get on the ag forum for over hours now without any luck . down all day . down for me as well this is the first time give encountered the forum being down . down for me as well boo . both the market and forum are down for me right now . up most definitely down will check periodically throughout the day to see when it comes back up will report here sucks though was trying to do some late night browsing but seems as if the hub has got me covered and has had time in my darknet travels stay safe friends . i thought it was do cause of regular usage just tried to log in again and theres nothing thank the light for the hub . no luck here either its unusual for the forum to be inaccessible makes me wonder if its getting closed . anyone else unable to connect to the agora forum . anyone else unable to connect to the agora forum . down for me as well this is the first time give encountered the forum being down . up most definitely down will check periodically throughout the day to see when it comes back up will report here sucks though was trying to do some late night browsing but seems as if the hub has got me covered and has had time in my darknet travels stay safe friends . both the market and forum are down for me right now . down all day . seems like it have been trying to get on the ag forum for over hours now without any luck . down for me as well boo . seems like it have been trying to get on the ag forum for over hours now without any luck . down all day . down for me as well boo . down for me as well this is the first time give encountered the forum being down . down all day . markets been running flawless for me for the past hrs not forum though for rc e sent your a pm on agra market good to have you back . anyone else unable to connect to the agora forum . both the market and forum are down for me right now . down for me as well this is the first time give encountered the forum being down . seems like it have been trying to get on the ag forum for over hours now without any luck . down for me as well boo . markets been running flawless for me for the past hrs not forum though for rc e sent your a pm on agra market good to have you back . no luck here either its unusual for the forum to be inaccessible makes me wonder if its getting closed . no luck here either its unusual for the forum to be inaccessible makes me wonder if its getting closed . i thought it was do cause of regular usage just tried to log in again and theres nothing thank the light for the hub . up most definitely down will check periodically throughout the day to see when it comes back up will report here sucks though was trying to do some late night browsing but seems as if the hub has got me covered and has had time in my darknet travels stay safe friends . market and forum seem to be down now . im logged on different markets and their forums everything is working fine on my end what im noticing is the huge price differences in bitcoin values across all four mentioning agora pandora evolution bluesky the gap is by between some markets crazy shit i need to spread myself out a little more and save some money . market and forum seem to be down now . market and forum seem to be down now . market and forum seem to be down now . im logged on different markets and their forums everything is working fine on my end what im noticing is the huge price differences in bitcoin values across all four mentioning agora pandora evolution bluesky the gap is by between some markets crazy shit i need to spread myself out a little more and save some money . im logged on different markets and their forums everything is working fine on my end what im noticing is the huge price differences in bitcoin values across all four mentioning agora pandora evolution bluesky the gap is by between some markets crazy shit i need to spread myself out a little more and save some money . im logged on different markets and their forums everything is working fine on my end what im noticing is the huge price differences in bitcoin values across all four mentioning agora pandora evolution bluesky the gap is by between some markets crazy shit i need to spread myself out a little more and save some money . forum is down again . forum is down again . forum is down again . forum is down again . i wish they would fix whatever is wrong with the forums friend just got scammed a fair bit of coin this could have been avoided if the forums were running . i wish they would fix whatever is wrong with the forums friend just got scammed a fair bit of coin this could have been avoided if the forums were running . i wish they would fix whatever is wrong with the forums friend just got scammed a fair bit of coin this could have been avoided if the forums were running . sigh now the forum and the market are both down . sigh now the forum and the market are both down . sigh now the forum and the market are both down . sigh now the forum and the market are both down . i wish they would fix whatever is wrong with the forums friend just got scammed a fair bit of coin this could have been avoided if the forums were running . forum is back up at least . forum is back up at least . forum is back up at least . forum is back up at least . i still cant get on the forum the market seems to be back up these incidents will eventually scare vendors and customers away if not fixed . i still cant get on the forum the market seems to be back up these incidents will eventually scare vendors and customers away if not fixed . i still cant get on the forum the market seems to be back up these incidents will eventually scare vendors and customers away if not fixed . i still cant get on the forum the market seems to be back up these incidents will eventually scare vendors and customers away if not fixed . quote from trolltergeist on august amas of august am agra time the forum is up now just tried and its not working for me ill try again later i suppose . as of august am agra time the forum is up now . as of august am agra time the forum is up now . does anyone know if the forums are ever coming back its getting ridiculous to be a successful market its essential to have a functioning forum admin not releasing any statements makes it even worse . quote from trolltergeist on august amas of august am agra time the forum is up now just tried and its not working for me ill try again later i suppose . quote from trolltergeist on august amas of august am agra time the forum is up now just tried and its not working for me ill try again later i suppose . does anyone know if the forums are ever coming back its getting ridiculous to be a successful market its essential to have a functioning forum admin not releasing any statements makes it even worse . as of august am agra time the forum is up now . does anyone know if the forums are ever coming back its getting ridiculous to be a successful market its essential to have a functioning forum admin not releasing any statements makes it even worse . does anyone know if the forums are ever coming back its getting ridiculous to be a successful market its essential to have a functioning forum admin not releasing any statements makes it even worse . quote from trolltergeist on august amas of august am agra time the forum is up now just tried and its not working for me ill try again later i suppose . as of august am agra time the forum is up now . get it while you can . get it while you can . get it while you can . get it while you can . see my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphod . thanks for letting us know . thanks for letting us know . see my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphod . thanks for letting us know . see my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphod . thanks for letting us know . see my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphod . quote from billyking on february amquote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this one would hope so but in that case why wouldnt they fix it theyre putting people at risk by running outraged forum software zaphod . quote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this . quote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this . quote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this . quote from billyking on february amquote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this one would hope so but in that case why wouldnt they fix it theyre putting people at risk by running outraged forum software zaphod . quote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this . quote from billyking on february amquote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this one would hope so but in that case why wouldnt they fix it theyre putting people at risk by running outraged forum software zaphod . quote from billyking on february amquote from zaphod on february amsee my post in another thread noticed that agora is running version of the smf software when the latest version is which patches a number of security flaws zaphodsurly agra admin would be aware of this one would hope so but in that case why wouldnt they fix it theyre putting people at risk by running outraged forum software zaphod . quote from bigdogsecurity on march confirmed est hath fuck already not working . at am eastern . quote from bigdogsecurity on march confirmed est hath fuck already not working . hey its back more ups n downs than last time i got high . i got on for about minutes . hey its back more ups n downs than last time i got high . at am eastern . i got on for about minutes . at am eastern . hey its back more ups n downs than last time i got high . confirmed est . quote from bigdogsecurity on march confirmed est hath fuck already not working . i got on for about minutes . confirmed est . at am eastern . quote from bigdogsecurity on march confirmed est hath fuck already not working . hey its back more ups n downs than last time i got high . i got on for about minutes . confirmed est . confirmed est . down again the problems with markets dont effect me but i do miss maintaining contact with users im familiar with and just checking in with them . quietforest are you able to actually logon i get the logon screen i enter credentials and then problem loading page several times now . still down for me . still down for me . yes i was but it went back down about minutes later and hasnt come back up as yet exit back up as of am etc . got on the login screen now . still down for me . quietforest are you able to actually logon i get the logon screen i enter credentials and then problem loading page several times now . back up as of utc . back up as of utc . back up as of utc . yes i was but it went back down about minutes later and hasnt come back up as yet exit back up as of am etc . yes i was but it went back down about minutes later and hasnt come back up as yet exit back up as of am etc . only lasted about minutes that time there degrading infrastructure according to ddw . got on the login screen now . still down for me . down again the problems with markets dont effect me but i do miss maintaining contact with users im familiar with and just checking in with them . down again the problems with markets dont effect me but i do miss maintaining contact with users im familiar with and just checking in with them . got on the login screen now . only lasted about minutes that time there degrading infrastructure according to ddw . quietforest are you able to actually logon i get the logon screen i enter credentials and then problem loading page several times now . down again the problems with markets dont effect me but i do miss maintaining contact with users im familiar with and just checking in with them . only lasted about minutes that time there degrading infrastructure according to ddw . got on the login screen now . yes i was but it went back down about minutes later and hasnt come back up as yet exit back up as of am etc . back up as of utc . quietforest are you able to actually logon i get the logon screen i enter credentials and then problem loading page several times now . only lasted about minutes that time there degrading infrastructure according to ddw . 