lately there have been a lot of phishers posting fake urls for markets as well as vendors private sites there is a person that is posting use only these links and trying to impersonate tug staff i have banned this asshole about times now do not use any links posted by anyone here be careful phishing for those of you that dont know is when someone creates a fake site mimicking the real site so when you go there and enter your info they can steal your bitcoins from the real site . lately there have been a lot of phishers posting fake urls for markets as well as vendors private sites there is a person that is posting use only these links and trying to impersonate tug staff i have banned this asshole about times now do not use any links posted by anyone here be careful phishing for those of you that dont know is when someone creates a fake site mimicking the real site so when you go there and enter your info they can steal your bitcoins from the real site . lately there have been a lot of phishers posting fake uri s for markets as well as vendor s private sites there is a person that is posting use only these links and trying to impersonate tug staff i have banned this asshole about times now do not use any links posted by anyone here be careful phishing for those of you that don t know is when someone creates a fake site mimicking the real site so when you go there and enter your info they can steal your bitcoins from the real site . lately there have been a lot of phishers posting fake urls for markets as well as vendors private sites there is a person that is posting use only these links and trying to impersonate tug staff i have banned this asshole about times now do not use any links posted by anyone here be careful phishing for those of you that dont know is when someone creates a fake site mimicking the real site so when you go there and enter your info they can steal your bitcoins from the real site . happened to me when ag closed down and i tried finding nucleus before stumbling upon this was only out or so dollars not that much but enough to learn a lesson now i always double check every link even if its from a imputable user . the only thing reddit is useful for is the sidebar links also try to remember parts of the url first last characters or similar . i always verify i m using the right address with dnstats com . happened to me when ag closed down and i tried finding nucleus before stumbling upon this was only out or so dollars not that much but enough to learn a lesson now i always double check every link even if its from a imputable user . happened to me when ag closed down and i tried finding nucleus before stumbling upon this was only out or so dollars not that much but enough to learn a lesson now i always double check every link even if its from a imputable user . the only thing reddit is useful for is the sidebar links also try to remember parts of the url first last characters or similar . i always verify in using the right address with dnstats com . happened to me when ag closed down and i tried finding nucleus before stumbling upon this was only out or so dollars not that much but enough to learn a lesson now i always double check every link even if its from a imputable user . i always verify in using the right address with dnstats com . the only thing reddit is useful for is the sidebar links also try to remember parts of the url first last characters or similar . the only thing reddit is useful for is the sidebar links also try to remember parts of the url first last characters or similar . i always verify in using the right address with dnstats com . you may also want to make it so no one can register with admin in their name if possible . quote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon . you may also want to make it so no one can register with admin in their name if possible . speaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at hmm . you may also want to make it so no one can register with admin in their name if possible . quote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon . speaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at hmm . quote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i can t say for sure they re offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon . quote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon . you may also want to make it so no one can register with admin in their name if possible . speaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at hmm . speaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i can t say for sure they re offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at hmm . quote from knuckles on november pmquote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon one thing ive learned from drug life that applies to all areas of life is if its too good to be true it is remember nobody got robbed being too careful . quote from knuckles on november pmquote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i can t say for sure they re offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon one thing i ve learned from drug life that applies to all areas of life is if it s too good to be true it is remember nobody got robbed being too careful . quote from knuckles on november pmquote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon one thing ive learned from drug life that applies to all areas of life is if its too good to be true it is remember nobody got robbed being too careful . quote from knuckles on november pmquote from saint of circumstance on november amspeaking of phishing i see that every category here has been peppered with bisbury com threads seems sammy though i cant say for sure there offering btc at but as i type this i see btc is actually trading at him yes its a scam btc for dollars under value cmon one thing ive learned from drug life that applies to all areas of life is if its too good to be true it is remember nobody got robbed being too careful . how to distinguish genuine websites and fake . how to distinguish genuine websites and fake . how to distinguish genuine websites and fake . how to distinguish genuine websites and fake . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake remember bits of the url or the uri entirely i ve got tug s down pat . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake use tails with a persistent volume and bookmarks and or keepassx . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake remember bits of the url or the uri entirely give got tags down pat . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake remember bits of the url or the uri entirely give got tags down pat . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake use tails with a persistent volume and bookmarks and or keepassx . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake use tails with a persistent volume and bookmarks and or keepassx . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake remember bits of the url or the uri entirely give got tags down pat . quote from papa nama on december pmhow to distinguish genuine websites and fake use tails with a persistent volume and bookmarks and or keepassx . 