one of the things ive always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service . thanks . thanks . lelantos costs a little bit of btc but well worth imo . lelantos costs a little bit of btc but well worth imo . one of the things ive always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service . thanks . lelantos costs a little bit of btc but well worth imo . one of the things i ve always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service . one advantage i see about using a onion email service is you cant accidentally retrieve or send an email without tor . i was wondering about that actually how safe it is to be using mail yahoo to email vendors but just uncropt messages with pgpwould that be secure enough does it have to be opened through tor though . theres no point in using some secret or darkness mail service you cant trust any service with your personal information always use encryption pgp i use safe mail net because they have an easy signup no sums etc and have a very fast non javascript interface at safe mail net fastbut surely done trust any of them . in my previous post i was mostly playing devil s advocate in reality i m sure that the majority of darknet email services log less information share less information and thus are more secure in that way if you re using pgp then all they ll be able to see is the pgp garbled text but the big commercial email providers definitley do scan every email and do all kinds of meta analysis if its for nothing other than advertising and that analysis never gets shared outside the company it seems harmless more than likely that s not the case though but isn t an email that doesnt do any of that stuff preferable i wonder if deep dot web or some other related blog or website has done a comparison . one advantage i see about using a onion email service is you can t accidentally retrieve or send an email without tor . i was wondering about that actually how safe it is to be using mail yahoo to email vendors but just uncropt messages with pgpwould that be secure enough does it have to be opened through tor though . in my previous post i was mostly playing devils advocate in reality im sure that the majority of darknet email services log less information share less information and thus are more secure in that way if youre using pgp then all theyll be able to see is the pgp garbled text but the big commercial email providers definitley do scan every email and do all kinds of meta analysis if its for nothing other than advertising and that analysis never gets shared outside the company it seems harmless more than likely thats not the case though but isnt an email that doesnt do any of that stuff preferable i wonder if deep dot web or some other related blog or website has done a comparison . there s no point in using some secret or darkness mail service you can t trust any service with your personal information always use encryption pgp i use safe mail net because they have an easy signup no sums etc and have a very fast non javascript interface at safe mail net fastbut surely done trust any of them . one advantage i see about using a onion email service is you cant accidentally retrieve or send an email without tor . theres no point in using some secret or darkness mail service you cant trust any service with your personal information always use encryption pgp i use safe mail net because they have an easy signup no sums etc and have a very fast non javascript interface at safe mail net fastbut surely done trust any of them . in my previous post i was mostly playing devils advocate in reality im sure that the majority of darknet email services log less information share less information and thus are more secure in that way if youre using pgp then all theyll be able to see is the pgp garbled text but the big commercial email providers definitley do scan every email and do all kinds of meta analysis if its for nothing other than advertising and that analysis never gets shared outside the company it seems harmless more than likely thats not the case though but isnt an email that doesnt do any of that stuff preferable i wonder if deep dot web or some other related blog or website has done a comparison . i was wondering about that actually how safe it is to be using mail yahoo to email vendors but just uncropt messages with pgpwould that be secure enough does it have to be opened through tor though . i use lelantos but always use encryption as they say above . i use lelantos but always use encryption as they say above . i use lelantos but always use encryption as they say above . quote from scroat on march pmone of the things i ve always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service hmmm maybe because they ll probably flag you and keep more tabs on you than they already do if they see you using pgp . quote from scroat on march pmone of the things ive always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service hmmm maybe because theyll probably flag you and keep more tabs on you than they already do if they see you using pgp . quote from scroat on march pmone of the things ive always wondered is how we know we can trust these site operators it would be so easy for a malicious entity to set up an anonymous email service then monitor everything in it i know best practice is to assume all comms are monitor and to use pgp if that is the case why use a hidden email at all why not gmail or yahoo in worst case scenario theory they are no better than a darkness email service hmmm maybe because theyll probably flag you and keep more tabs on you than they already do if they see you using pgp . 