i dont know on how safe it is but i sometimes clearnet browse while running tor also i also run a vpn though i try to keep the two separate but been having problems getting onto blockchain through tor so need to use clearnet to access blockchain and tor to get to my email to verify account real pain in the ass . exchanged from us to lindens to btc probably good to only do it this once from what i was reading after ordering the transaction correct . dude great idea i think my lady and i will start boning on webcam for dudes to watch and pay of im waking up feeling facetious today . quote from tang on march pmthey have low limits and high fees you overpaid by like percent you can use it as much as you like assuming they let you but youre overpaying a bunch try libertyxis libertyx the same as localbitcoins none in my area and my metro is k in stuck with this route as far as i can tell until the regulatory framework of my area embraces it more . quote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night i bet you are looking at this post in a whole new light now eh mulder . well at least my intuitive inclination isnt a homosexual proclivity i always knew i liked titties just want sure until now . also i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once . quote from tambourine on march amif i was going to throw my id into the mix id get crypts really there scumbagsthey got hacked and ran their whole site as a ponzi until there was a bank run when a news site did a article on them are they even around anymore . they have low limits and high fees you overpaid by like percent you can use it as much as you like assuming they let you but youre overpaying a bunch try libertyx . quote from fox mulder on march pmdude great idea i think my lady and i will start boning on webcam for dudes to watch and pay of im waking up feeling facetious todaypeople do it everyday lolseriously try to find etc meetups in your area where they talk about bitcoins because if they are talking about them then there are coins in that circle somewhere to be had . also search for bitcoin meetups if you find some in your area totally youl be able to get coins through them and if you work a few deals you may be able to get them at least at market value you have a girlfriend you could sell her panties for bitcoins man there are tons of ways to get bitcoins if one were to look deep enough . if i was going to throw my id into the mix id get cryptsy . tang i was being sarcastic i dont think its a good idea to use any id linked service seems like asking for trouble . virwox will eventually ban you for trading in and out of bitcoin i have been banned times if you are using virwox you are using paypal so you are not concerned about identity too much in which case there are numerous trading platforms you could use sign up to coinbase its paypal for bitcoin anyway youl be mixing anyway . even if you dont do any obvious mistakes it helps calibrate correlation attacks bur thems the breaks i do it too . quote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night i bet you are looking at this post in a whole new light now eh mulder . virwox will eventually ban you for trading in and out of bitcoin i have been banned times if you are using virwox you are using paypal so you are not concerned about identity too much in which case there are numerous trading platforms you could use sign up to coinbase its paypal for bitcoin anyway youl be mixing anyway . hey theres a good clue . if i was going to throw my id into the mix id get cryptsy . tang i was being sarcastic i dont think its a good idea to use any id linked service seems like asking for trouble . do you have any other crypto currencies at all on hand that you could trade for bitcoins shapeshift may work for you if you do . quote from fox mulder on march pmi will admit i jumped on it simply due to the fact that give attempted a number of places online and consistently gotten the message that my state doesnt have the regulatory framework in place to facilitate etc transactions the only other option as far as i was able to tell was localbitcoins and thats an even worse ripoff if in not mistakeneh local face face trades arent all that expensive if you buy like bucks worth you should be able to pick some up for spot price if you live in a city . dude great idea i think my lady and i will start boning on webcam for dudes to watch and pay of im waking up feeling facetious today . i dont know on how safe it is but i sometimes clearnet browse while running tor also i also run a vpn though i try to keep the two separate but been having problems getting onto blockchain through tor so need to use clearnet to access blockchain and tor to get to my email to verify account real pain in the ass . quote from cisuso on march amvirwox will eventually ban you for trading in and out of bitcoin i have been banned times if you are using virwox you are using paypal so you are not concerned about identity too much in which case there are numerous trading platforms you could use sign up to coinbase its paypal for bitcoin anyway youl be mixing anyway i didnt mix due to hearing mostly vendors mixed as opposed to clientele i wasnt planning on running vireo more than twice coinbase i heard was crooked as fuck too ink about cryptsy . hey theres a good clue . quote from tang on march pmthey have low limits and high fees you overpaid by like percent you can use it as much as you like assuming they let you but youre overpaying a bunch try libertyxis libertyx the same as localbitcoins none in my area and my metro is k in stuck with this route as far as i can tell until the regulatory framework of my area embraces it more . quote from fox mulder on march pmi will admit i jumped on it simply due to the fact that give attempted a number of places online and consistently gotten the message that my state doesnt have the regulatory framework in place to facilitate etc transactions the only other option as far as i was able to tell was localbitcoins and thats an even worse ripoff if in not mistakeneh local face face trades arent all that expensive if you buy like bucks worth you should be able to pick some up for spot price if you live in a city . they have low limits and high fees you overpaid by like percent you can use it as much as you like assuming they let you but youre overpaying a bunch try libertyx . i will admit i jumped on it simply due to the fact that give attempted a number of places online and consistently gotten the message that my state doesnt have the regulatory framework in place to facilitate etc transactions the only other option as far as i was able to tell was localbitcoins and thats an even worse ripoff if in not mistaken . quote from tambourine on march amif i was going to throw my id into the mix id get crypts really there scumbagsthey got hacked and ran their whole site as a ponzi until there was a bank run when a news site did a article on them are they even around anymore . exchanged from us to lindens to btc probably good to only do it this once from what i was reading after ordering the transaction correct . quote from arcane on may pmquote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night i bet you are looking at this post in a whole new light now eh mulder hahahaha . even if you dont do any obvious mistakes it helps calibrate correlation attacks bur thems the breaks i do it too . quote from jaxinshit on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmif you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etcto me that seems to be getting extreme but then again i aint sending even if i was buying a vpn isnt going to protect you if someone is interested in you they have the money and the skills they will learn all they want to know about you and running linux and a vpn and everything else really wont save you in my mind its simply this dont get on the sucking radar in the first place as to what ron is getting at what i am getting at is if in in tor see the captcha i aint entering that shit because to me it seems like an attempt by an outside source to compromise tor so i will open that site in clearnet firefox beat me to it i use two different systems on two different connections such as one computer for tor the other is my clearnet system . quote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night . i dont want to compromise myself give made a habit of avoiding running anything other than tor when im running tor but i also like to do clearnet browsing that is legitimate if you can call my own fucking business of any variety as such i e whether or not i masturbate according to government regulation could very well be in question if everything i do were to see the light of day occasionally i will open firefox to check something in particularly tempted when in tor i see a captcha just to open a webpage even entering that site compromises or contributes to the active undermining of the tor browser and its entire purpose as far as i am concerned thoughts . quote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night well if it was may id simply be overjoyed . if you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etc . i must be askin the wrong crowd . well at least my intuitive inclination isnt a homosexual proclivity i always knew i liked titties just want sure until now . quote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night well if it was may id simply be overjoyed . quote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night . i dont want to compromise myself give made a habit of avoiding running anything other than tor when im running tor but i also like to do clearnet browsing that is legitimate if you can call my own fucking business of any variety as such i e whether or not i masturbate according to government regulation could very well be in question if everything i do were to see the light of day occasionally i will open firefox to check something in particularly tempted when in tor i see a captcha just to open a webpage even entering that site compromises or contributes to the active undermining of the tor browser and its entire purpose as far as i am concerned thoughts . quote from arcane on may pmquote from fox mulder on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmalso i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once haha you werent bitchin when you was wiping my sauce off yo chin the other night i bet you are looking at this post in a whole new light now eh mulder hahahaha . quote from jaxinshit on may amquote from ron swanson on may pmif you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etcto me that seems to be getting extreme but then again i aint sending even if i was buying a vpn isnt going to protect you if someone is interested in you they have the money and the skills they will learn all they want to know about you and running linux and a vpn and everything else really wont save you in my mind its simply this dont get on the sucking radar in the first place as to what ron is getting at what i am getting at is if in in tor see the captcha i aint entering that shit because to me it seems like an attempt by an outside source to compromise tor so i will open that site in clearnet firefox beat me to it i use two different systems on two different connections such as one computer for tor the other is my clearnet system . year not too sure that is working out where i live despite the population of my city being around k . year not too sure that is working out where i live despite the population of my city being around k . quote from cisuso on march amvirwox will eventually ban you for trading in and out of bitcoin i have been banned times if you are using virwox you are using paypal so you are not concerned about identity too much in which case there are numerous trading platforms you could use sign up to coinbase its paypal for bitcoin anyway youl be mixing anyway i didnt mix due to hearing mostly vendors mixed as opposed to clientele i wasnt planning on running vireo more than twice coinbase i heard was crooked as fuck too ink about cryptsy . i will admit i jumped on it simply due to the fact that give attempted a number of places online and consistently gotten the message that my state doesnt have the regulatory framework in place to facilitate etc transactions the only other option as far as i was able to tell was localbitcoins and thats an even worse ripoff if in not mistaken . open a new tab and use the uri bar to start a search for mycelium you should be able to use that to get you some bitcoins then right . also search for bitcoin meetups if you find some in your area totally youl be able to get coins through them and if you work a few deals you may be able to get them at least at market value you have a girlfriend you could sell her panties for bitcoins man there are tons of ways to get bitcoins if one were to look deep enough . quote from fox mulder on march pmdude great idea i think my lady and i will start boning on webcam for dudes to watch and pay of im waking up feeling facetious todaypeople do it everyday lolseriously try to find etc meetups in your area where they talk about bitcoins because if they are talking about them then there are coins in that circle somewhere to be had . do you have any other crypto currencies at all on hand that you could trade for bitcoins shapeshift may work for you if you do . open a new tab and use the uri bar to start a search for mycelium you should be able to use that to get you some bitcoins then right . quote from ron swanson on may pmif you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etcbeat me to it i use two different systems on two different connections such as one computer for tor the other is my clearnet system . i must be askin the wrong crowd . if you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etc . quote from ron swanson on may pmif you open a clearnet site you just tried to open on tor they could connect the depends how popular that link is on tor and clearnet they cant prove much though i dont think most of the nerds will tell you to use different devices entirely for personal stuff and avoid windows for markets etcbeat me to it i use two different systems on two different connections such as one computer for tor the other is my clearnet system . also i refuse to open that pgp unless its important that password is soon long you fooled me once . 