haha ok i have it oh my dear in soooo happy know the bruce so you can delete the tryptam account pls . hy bruce here is tryptam i had a big problem with my original account i cant log in to it but in sure that my password is right hmmmplease contact me so we can fix my problem maybe you must know me from the last bycicleday lotterie i had changed my name to tryptam before i had another name that i can tell you to verifie me what ca we do namaste . lol glad you got it sorted your welcome if you log in with your tryptam account and go to profile account settings actions delete this account then it will disappear . hy bruce here is tryptam i had a big problem with my original account i cant log in to it but in sure that my password is right hmmmplease contact me so we can fix my problem maybe you must know me from the last bycicleday lotterie i had changed my name to tryptam before i had another name that i can tell you to verifie me what ca we do namaste . lol glad you got it sorted your welcome if you log in with your tryptam account and go to profile account settings actions delete this account then it will disappear . haha ok i have it oh my dear in soooo happy know the bruce so you can delete the tryptam account pls . lol glad you got it sorted your welcome if you log in with your tryptam account and go to profile account settings actions delete this account then it will disappear . haha ok i have it oh my dear in soooo happy know the bruce so you can delete the tryptam account pls . hy bruce here is tryptam i had a big problem with my original account i cant log in to it but in sure that my password is right hmmmplease contact me so we can fix my problem maybe you must know me from the last bycicleday lotterie i had changed my name to tryptam before i had another name that i can tell you to verifie me what ca we do namaste . haha ok i have it oh my dear in soooo happy know the bruce so you can delete the tryptam account pls . lol glad you got it sorted your welcome if you log in with your tryptam account and go to profile account settings actions delete this account then it will disappear . hy bruce here is tryptam i had a big problem with my original account i cant log in to it but in sure that my password is right hmmmplease contact me so we can fix my problem maybe you must know me from the last bycicleday lotterie i had changed my name to tryptam before i had another name that i can tell you to verifie me what ca we do namaste . hy bruce here is tryptam i had a big problem with my original account i cant log in to it but in sure that my password is right hmmmplease contact me so we can fix my problem maybe you must know me from the last bycicleday lotterie i had changed my name to tryptam before i had another name that i can tell you to verifie me what ca we do namaste . haha ok i have it oh my dear in soooo happy know the bruce so you can delete the tryptam account pls . lol glad you got it sorted your welcome if you log in with your tryptam account and go to profile account settings actions delete this account then it will disappear . 