hello i am new in buying drugs online give tried to make a wallet for bitcoins but it turnsout this wallet was a scam so i lost eurus now i am wondering if it is possible to buy drugs online without paying with bitcoins thanks for your reply . hello i am new in buying drugs online i ve tried to make a wallet for bitcoins but it turnsout this wallet was a scam so i lost our s now i am wondering if it is possible to buy drugs online without paying with bitcoins thanks for your reply . hello i am new in buying drugs online give tried to make a wallet for bitcoins but it turnsout this wallet was a scam so i lost eurus now i am wondering if it is possible to buy drugs online without paying with bitcoins thanks for your reply . thanks for your answer ill buy some more bitcoins . thanks for your answer ill buy some more bitcoins . if you want to get ripped off it is no scratch that its a bad idea all around for everyone involved some vendors might do it but it puts whoever is checking their mail or recieving their western union at risk just foolish if you ask me some guys get away with it but with bitcoin i wouldnt risk it if you use a wallet at blockchain info you should have no problems if you need help just ask to suggest using anything other than bitcoin to anyone here is to suggest using a sock instead of a condom and expecting it to work the same it doesnt . no joke my buddy couldnt get his sky boots on because they were a bit mildewey so he spit in them slipped right on im know to be a stank traveling hippie sometimes and that shit was nasty . if you want to get ripped off it is no scratch that its a bad idea all around for everyone involved some vendors might do it but it puts whoever is checking their mail or recieving their western union at risk just foolish if you ask me some guys get away with it but with bitcoin i wouldnt risk it if you use a wallet at blockchain info you should have no problems if you need help just ask to suggest using anything other than bitcoin to anyone here is to suggest using a sock instead of a condom and expecting it to work the same it doesnt . but my socks get in my shoes so fast now . but my socks get in my shoes so fast now . thanks for your answer i ll buy some more bitcoins . if you want to get ripped off it is no scratch that it s a bad idea all around for everyone involved some vendors might do it but it puts whoever is checking their mail or recieving their western union at risk just foolish if you ask me some guys get away with it but with bitcoin i wouldn t risk it if you use a wallet at blockchain info you should have no problems if you need help just ask to suggest using anything other than bitcoin to anyone here is to suggest using a sock instead of a condom and expecting it to work the same it doesn t . no joke my ruddy couldn t get his sky boots on because they were a bit mildewey so he spit in them slipped right on i m know to be a stank traveling hippie sometimes and that shit was nasty . but my socks get in my shoes so fast now . no joke my buddy couldnt get his sky boots on because they were a bit mildewey so he spit in them slipped right on im know to be a stank traveling hippie sometimes and that shit was nasty . you guys remember liberty reserve and pecunix wasnt that fun p . you guys remember liberty reserve and pecunix wasnt that fun p . you guys remember liberty reserve and pecunix wasnt that fun p . 