quote from dodongo on april pmquote from kitten on april pmmaybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for they are making those infernal devices more and more independent all the time so probably they will but even now as long as its sharing data with a smartphone the phone will fill in the location data using its own gps i think zaphod recently posted something along the lines of who could ever have imagined a world where people actually pay for their own surveillance devices mental . maybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for . quote from kitten on april pmmaybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for they are making those infernal devices more and more independent all the time so probably they will but even now as long as its sharing data with a smartphone the phone will fill in the location data using its own gps . quote from kitten on april pmmaybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for they are making those infernal devices more and more independent all the time so probably they will but even now as long as its sharing data with a smartphone the phone will fill in the location data using its own gps . maybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for . a woman in pennsylvania was convicted of filing a false police report based on the data on her fitbit tracker stay safe . some new ones log timestamped location data this is kind of a blond joke she accused some guy of rape but the data showed her strolling around in her apartment when it supposed happened . a woman in pennsylvania was convicted of filing a false police report based on the data on her fitbit tracker stay safe . some new ones log timestamped location data this is kind of a blond joke she accused some guy of rape but the data showed her strolling around in her apartment when it supposed happened . quote from dodongo on april pmquote from kitten on april pmmaybe they will include a gps on the next one never knew the way to get people to agree to be eartagged and lojakked like cattle was to offer it in purple and sell it to them for they are making those infernal devices more and more independent all the time so probably they will but even now as long as its sharing data with a smartphone the phone will fill in the location data using its own gps i think zaphod recently posted something along the lines of who could ever have imagined a world where people actually pay for their own surveillance devices mental . 