sorry for caps but this is very urgent i just opened a new account on utopia and deposited my coin watched the balance instantly shoot up and when i went to purchase i has insufficient funds i got a dialog box saying tor unexpectedly closed now i cant log in someone has changed my passwordthe recovery doesnt work either and i have my keyi need help i cant lose that money help please . sorry for caps but this is very urgent i just opened a new account on utopia and deposited my coin watched the balance instantly shoot up and when i went to purchase i has insufficient funds i got a dialog box saying tor unexpectedly closed now i cant log in someone has changed my passwordthe recovery doesnt work either and i have my keyi need help i cant lose that money help please . sorry for caps but this is very urgent i just opened a new account on utopia and deposited my coin watched the balance instantly shoot up and when i went to purchase i has insufficient funds i got a dialog box saying tor unexpectedly closed now i cant log in someone has changed my passwordthe recovery doesnt work either and i have my keyi need help i cant lose that money help please . sorry for caps but this is very urgent i just opened a new account on utopia and deposited my coin watched the balance instantly shoot up and when i went to purchase i has insufficient funds i got a dialog box saying tor unexpectedly closed now i cant log in someone has changed my passwordthe recovery doesnt work either and i have my keyi need help i cant lose that money help please . did this get resolved shoot us an plate op i would of thought utopia was fairly solid and trustworthy . did this get resolved shoot us an plate op i would of thought utopia was fairly solid and trustworthy . did you download a tor browser bundle from a link anyone send to you and your balance shooting up or down has to do with the craziness around the btc today the price has been all over the place try to contact an administrator over at topic in sure the will be glad to help a . did this get resolved shoot us an plate op i would of thought utopia was fairly solid and trustworthy . stay sceptical this could be fed jlaw implemented a forum key so not everybody can just spamm the forums all the time this would be a great reason to open up an account here and spread fud over here im not accusing anyone just saying that we should not believe everybody saying such things especially when theyve under posts a . stay sceptical this could be fed jlaw implemented a forum key so not everybody can just spamm the forums all the time this would be a great reason to open up an account here and spread fud over here im not accusing anyone just saying that we should not believe everybody saying such things especially when theyve under posts a . did this get resolved shoot us an plate op i would of thought utopia was fairly solid and trustworthy . stay sceptical this could be fed jlaw implemented a forum key so not everybody can just spamm the forums all the time this would be a great reason to open up an account here and spread fud over here im not accusing anyone just saying that we should not believe everybody saying such things especially when theyve under posts a . stay sceptical this could be fed jlaw implemented a forum key so not everybody can just spamm the forums all the time this would be a great reason to open up an account here and spread fud over here im not accusing anyone just saying that we should not believe everybody saying such things especially when theyve under posts a . did you download a tor browser bundle from a link anyone send to you and your balance shooting up or down has to do with the craziness around the btc today the price has been all over the place try to contact an administrator over at topic in sure the will be glad to help a . did you download a tor browser bundle from a link anyone send to you and your balance shooting up or down has to do with the craziness around the btc today the price has been all over the place try to contact an administrator over at topic in sure the will be glad to help a . did you download a tor browser bundle from a link anyone send to you and your balance shooting up or down has to do with the craziness around the btc today the price has been all over the place try to contact an administrator over at topic in sure the will be glad to help a . the fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . the fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . the fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . the fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum fair point . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum fair point . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum fair point . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum . quote from ilovespaghetti on february amthe fact is why you write about your issue here instead of using the support section implements on the forum fair point . quote from amsterdam uplier on february am likewise . quote from amsterdam uplier on february am likewise . quote from amsterdam uplier on february am likewise . quote from amsterdam uplier on february am likewise . 