does anyone know how you can reinstate the pgp applet in the toolbar at the top if you accidently exit it . never had that happen but glad there is a fix if it should . naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge . quote from jaxinshit on march naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge that is what i know too . quote from a k on april pmquote from jaxinshit on march naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge that is what i know too it saves data if you install it to a us stick and configure persistent mode by default you are right no data is saved . quote from bull on march amdoes anyone know how you can reinstate the pgp applet in the toolbar at the top if you accidently exit it i didnt find out aswell only restart . quote from hoof hearted on march amquote from schlangemann on march amhey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key give seen this happen previously heres how it was rectified click on applications tails configure persistent volume the persistent wizard persistence volume configuration box should now be visible simply un tick all options available and then re tick the options you want to use such as personal data gnupg etc then click save then shutdown your current session and re boot tails from scratch again this usually restores everything thanks mate quite elementary solution funny i didnt come up with that . hey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key . quote from bull on march amdoes anyone know how you can reinstate the pgp applet in the toolbar at the top if you accidently exit it i didnt find out aswell only restart . hey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key . quote from hoof hearted on march amquote from schlangemann on march amhey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key give seen this happen previously heres how it was rectified click on applications tails configure persistent volume the persistent wizard persistence volume configuration box should now be visible simply un tick all options available and then re tick the options you want to use such as personal data gnupg etc then click save then shutdown your current session and re boot tails from scratch again this usually restores everything thanks mate quite elementary solution funny i didnt come up with that . naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge . quote from schlangemann on march amhey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key give seen this happen previously heres how it was rectified click on applications tails configure persistent volume the persistent wizard persistence volume configuration box should now be visible simply un tick all options available and then re tick the options you want to use such as personal data gnupg etc then click save then shutdown your current session and re boot tails from scratch again this usually restores everything . does anyone know how you can reinstate the pgp applet in the toolbar at the top if you accidently exit it . quote from schlangemann on march amhey this morning i log into my tails system with persistence password but nothing is there no keys no bookmarks can anyone tell what has happened are they gone or can i restore it somehow glad i made backup for private key give seen this happen previously heres how it was rectified click on applications tails configure persistent volume the persistent wizard persistence volume configuration box should now be visible simply un tick all options available and then re tick the options you want to use such as personal data gnupg etc then click save then shutdown your current session and re boot tails from scratch again this usually restores everything . never had that happen but glad there is a fix if it should . quote from jaxinshit on march naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge that is what i know too . quote from a k on april pmquote from jaxinshit on march naturally tails does not save anything to my knowledge that is what i know too it saves data if you install it to a us stick and configure persistent mode by default you are right no data is saved . 