but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste yes this . quote from purplepanth on january pmi found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste lucky you make hay while the sun shines . i found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste . last week one of mine took hours still took about hours today and then sr was saying insufficient funds finally got the order in hours after i bought the coins lol . but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste yes this . last week one of mine took hours still took about hours today and then sr was saying insufficient funds finally got the order in hours after i bought the coins lol . i found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste . quote from purplepanth on january pmi found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste lucky you make hay while the sun shines . but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste yes this . last week one of mine took hours still took about hours today and then sr was saying insufficient funds finally got the order in hours after i bought the coins lol . i found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste . quote from purplepanth on january pmi found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste lucky you make hay while the sun shines . quote from purplepanth on january pmi found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste lucky you make hay while the sun shines . but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste yes this . last week one of mine took hours still took about hours today and then sr was saying insufficient funds finally got the order in hours after i bought the coins lol . i found it took about hours and confirmations just a little bit ago figured with all the omg this has gone wrong threads that one about deposits working right could make some feel better i had no issue with the new balance thing or anything at all but i got ta say the whole waiting for money to show up has always made me super anxious i am always afraid i messed up the addy even tho its copy paste . theyre defo much faster today . quote from mary on january pmtheyre defy much faster today well my balance is still negative i might just make a new account . theyre defo much faster today . quote from mary on january pmtheyre defy much faster today well my balance is still negative i might just make a new account . i made a small deposit last night i didnt time it but the funds were available by the time theyd reached five confirmations . theyre defo much faster today . quote from mary on january pmtheyre defy much faster today well my balance is still negative i might just make a new account . i made a small deposit last night i didnt time it but the funds were available by the time theyd reached five confirmations . theyre defo much faster today . i made a small deposit last night i didnt time it but the funds were available by the time theyd reached five confirmations . quote from mary on january pmtheyre defy much faster today well my balance is still negative i might just make a new account . i made a small deposit last night i didnt time it but the funds were available by the time theyd reached five confirmations . my coins got there quickly i just hate to wait while they approve my vendor bond it sucks to have built an extremely long and exemplary record on s bmr etc only to have to wait to vend . my coins got there quickly i just hate to wait while they approve my vendor bond it sucks to have built an extremely long and exemplary record on s bmr etc only to have to wait to vend . my coins got there quickly i just hate to wait while they approve my vendor bond it sucks to have built an extremely long and exemplary record on s bmr etc only to have to wait to vend . my coins got there quickly i just hate to wait while they approve my vendor bond it sucks to have built an extremely long and exemplary record on s bmr etc only to have to wait to vend . 