quote from thewhiteshadow on february amas long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know there sure is forms come and go and also have downtime so it is better to use a reliable secure email provider that has been around for awhile to keep in touch with your customers also trades are not allowed here so conducting business by pm would most likely get you banned pgp or not my two cents . as long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know . quote from thewhiteshadow on february amas long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know there sure is forms come and go and also have downtime so it is better to use a reliable secure email provider that has been around for awhile to keep in touch with your customers also trades are not allowed here so conducting business by pm would most likely get you banned pgp or not my two cents . as long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know . quote from thewhiteshadow on february amas long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know there sure is forms come and go and also have downtime so it is better to use a reliable secure email provider that has been around for awhile to keep in touch with your customers also trades are not allowed here so conducting business by pm would most likely get you banned pgp or not my two cents . as long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know . as long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know . quote from thewhiteshadow on february amas long as you use pip is there really any need to have a e mail address for people to contact you on it would be much more convenient to have people pm me here rather then signing into a e mail every day i am not willing to give up security for convenience so if there is a reason i should not use the hub instead of e mail then please let me know there sure is forms come and go and also have downtime so it is better to use a reliable secure email provider that has been around for awhile to keep in touch with your customers also trades are not allowed here so conducting business by pm would most likely get you banned pgp or not my two cents . how would you know its being used for trades if in pgp . how would you know its being used for trades if in pgp . the hub is not a place for conducting trades by all means utilise its am functionality but not for trades sorry to be the party pooper . the hub is not a place for conducting trades by all means utilise its am functionality but not for trades sorry to be the party pooper . how would you know its being used for trades if in pgp . the hub is not a place for conducting trades by all means utilise its am functionality but not for trades sorry to be the party pooper . how would you know its being used for trades if in pgp . the hub is not a place for conducting trades by all means utilise its am functionality but not for trades sorry to be the party pooper . party pooper plol . party pooper plol . party pooper plol . party pooper plol . 