hi fellow gardeners i am working with pidgin messenger right now trying to get the ins and outs i am going thru a tor socks proxy and have or enabled as well as a generated key i am a total noob with this messenger so any help would be greatly appreciated also if anyone want to be buddies that would be cool . hi fellow gardeners i am working with pidgin messenger right now trying to get the ins and outs i am going thru a tor socks proxy and have or enabled as well as a generated key i am a total noob with this messenger so any help would be greatly appreciated also if anyone want to be buddies that would be cool . hi fellow gardeners i am working with pidgin messenger right now trying to get the ins and outs i am going thru a tor socks proxy and have or enabled as well as a generated key i am a total noob with this messenger so any help would be greatly appreciated also if anyone want to be buddies that would be cool . if someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and that s about it lol . search for xmpp or jabber with tor . if someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and thats about it lol . quote from enlighten on october amif someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and that s about it lol i finally got it working yesterday woot woot i m a bit confused at your post do you need a how to guide on setting up an account . search for xmpp or jabber with tor . if someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and thats about it lol . quote from enlighten on october amif someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and thats about it lol i finally got it working yesterday woot wood im a bit confused at your post do you need a how to guide on setting up an account . search for xmpp or jabber with tor . quote from enlighten on october amif someone could give me a more detailed way of say giving a username that i have associated with pidgin on tails to users here so i can chat with them while i have my us tails running that would be cool my in knowledge extends to aim and thats about it lol i finally got it working yesterday woot wood im a bit confused at your post do you need a how to guide on setting up an account . love avengers com tutorial xmppjabber otr follow the tutorial . here are some more tuts . quote from doseheavy on october am the tutorial thank you sir . i am a noob as well is this a im that is encrusted . here are some more tuts . quote from doseheavy on october am love avengers com tutorial xmppjabber otr follow the tutorial thank you sir . the tutorial . here are some more tuts . i am a noob as well is this a im that is encrusted . quote from doseheavy on october am the tutorial thank you sir . i am a noob as well is this a im that is encrusted . the tutorial . give heard rumors that pidgin is not secure can anyone elaborate on this . give heard rumors that pidgin is not secure can anyone elaborate on this . i ve heard rumors that pidgin is not secure can anyone elaborate on this . 