im not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from its also entirely possible that due to the rapid fall and an expected quick rebound that the devs locked it temporarily to keep customers from practically over spending ofc this would have been a bad move if the rebound had not happened as it would have put a burden back onto us vendors but overlay i cant blame them for doing it honestly it was probably a good move in favor of the customers at the time but since it looks like btc is going to be back on the rise now that the whole fear of gox collapsing is over they should put it back on auto tracking . opps i seen a topic on agora lol some guy said this yeah went to go check their exchange rate ticker api is frozen at the issue is actually with blockchain not agra clearnet . im not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from its also entirely possible that due to the rapid fall and an expected quick rebound that the devs locked it temporarily to keep customers from practically over spending ofc this would have been a bad move if the rebound had not happened as it would have put a burden back onto us vendors but overlay i cant blame them for doing it honestly it was probably a good move in favor of the customers at the time but since it looks like btc is going to be back on the rise now that the whole fear of gox collapsing is over they should put it back on auto tracking . good answer thats what im thinking also just wanted some input yea im not sure about there rate seems close to bitstamp usually but thats because i check bitstamp probably hope it starts to move i really haven seen it move in hrs . whats going on it cant still be at like yesterday is the caculator or whatever stuck anyone wan a talk about this with me haha i decided to invest nothing huge in bitcoins today at about and it went up to about right now at most places and agora still says is it stuck or what also i think bitcoins are about to go up it hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because of that mt gox fucker . good answer thats what im thinking also just wanted some input yea im not sure about there rate seems close to bitstamp usually but thats because i check bitstamp probably hope it starts to move i really haven seen it move in hrs . im not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from its also entirely possible that due to the rapid fall and an expected quick rebound that the devs locked it temporarily to keep customers from practically over spending ofc this would have been a bad move if the rebound had not happened as it would have put a burden back onto us vendors but overlay i cant blame them for doing it honestly it was probably a good move in favor of the customers at the time but since it looks like btc is going to be back on the rise now that the whole fear of gox collapsing is over they should put it back on auto tracking . whats going on it cant still be at like yesterday is the caculator or whatever stuck anyone wan a talk about this with me haha i decided to invest nothing huge in bitcoins today at about and it went up to about right now at most places and agora still says is it stuck or what also i think bitcoins are about to go up it hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because of that mt gox fucker . opps i seen a topic on agora lol some guy said this yeah went to go check their exchange rate ticker api is frozen at the issue is actually with blockchain not agra clearnet . whats going on it cant still be at like yesterday is the caculator or whatever stuck anyone wan a talk about this with me haha i decided to invest nothing huge in bitcoins today at about and it went up to about right now at most places and agora still says is it stuck or what also i think bitcoins are about to go up it hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because of that mt gox fucker . opps i seen a topic on agora lol some guy said this yeah went to go check their exchange rate ticker api is frozen at the issue is actually with blockchain not agra clearnet . im not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from its also entirely possible that due to the rapid fall and an expected quick rebound that the devs locked it temporarily to keep customers from practically over spending ofc this would have been a bad move if the rebound had not happened as it would have put a burden back onto us vendors but overlay i cant blame them for doing it honestly it was probably a good move in favor of the customers at the time but since it looks like btc is going to be back on the rise now that the whole fear of gox collapsing is over they should put it back on auto tracking . good answer thats what im thinking also just wanted some input yea im not sure about there rate seems close to bitstamp usually but thats because i check bitstamp probably hope it starts to move i really haven seen it move in hrs . whats going on it cant still be at like yesterday is the caculator or whatever stuck anyone wan a talk about this with me haha i decided to invest nothing huge in bitcoins today at about and it went up to about right now at most places and agora still says is it stuck or what also i think bitcoins are about to go up it hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because of that mt gox fucker . good answer thats what im thinking also just wanted some input yea im not sure about there rate seems close to bitstamp usually but thats because i check bitstamp probably hope it starts to move i really haven seen it move in hrs . opps i seen a topic on agora lol some guy said this yeah went to go check their exchange rate ticker api is frozen at the issue is actually with blockchain not agra clearnet . i think it was a glitch of some sort that caused their exchange rate to be frozen at regardless it is fixed now . i saw thats good news i guess i should have reported back sorry . i think it was a glitch of some sort that caused their exchange rate to be frozen at regardless it is fixed now . i saw thats good news i guess i should have reported back sorry . i saw thats good news i guess i should have reported back sorry . i think it was a glitch of some sort that caused their exchange rate to be frozen at regardless it is fixed now . i think it was a glitch of some sort that caused their exchange rate to be frozen at regardless it is fixed now . i saw thats good news i guess i should have reported back sorry . 