just wanted to know if any vendors accept ultracoins here as its supposed to be the fastest cryptocurency out right now i bought myself a few coins and in transferring between wallets and exchanges it only takes the coins about seconds to arrive to my wallet fully confirmed thought that might be a good reason for vendors to start accepting that if anyone does please let me know thank you . just wanted to know if any vendors accept ultracoins here as its supposed to be the fastest cryptocurency out right now i bought myself a few coins and in transferring between wallets and exchanges it only takes the coins about seconds to arrive to my wallet fully confirmed thought that might be a good reason for vendors to start accepting that if anyone does please let me know thank you . just wanted to know if any vendors accept ultracoins here as its supposed to be the fastest cryptocurency out right now i bought myself a few coins and in transferring between wallets and exchanges it only takes the coins about seconds to arrive to my wallet fully confirmed thought that might be a good reason for vendors to start accepting that if anyone does please let me know thank you . just wanted to know if any vendors accept ultracoins here as its supposed to be the fastest cryptocurency out right now i bought myself a few coins and in transferring between wallets and exchanges it only takes the coins about seconds to arrive to my wallet fully confirmed thought that might be a good reason for vendors to start accepting that if anyone does please let me know thank you . i could be wrong but i dont think any vendors are willing to subject their funds to the wild fluctuations of a tiny cryptocurreny in order to get their dough minutes earlier in not aware of any marketplaces that operate of ultracoins and one last thing two thirds of ultracoin is run by a single pool . i could be wrong but i dont think any vendors are willing to subject their funds to the wild fluctuations of a tiny cryptocurreny in order to get their dough minutes earlier in not aware of any marketplaces that operate of ultracoins and one last thing two thirds of ultracoin is run by a single pool . i could be wrong but i dont think any vendors are willing to subject their funds to the wild fluctuations of a tiny cryptocurreny in order to get their dough minutes earlier in not aware of any marketplaces that operate of ultracoins and one last thing two thirds of ultracoin is run by a single pool . i could be wrong but i dont think any vendors are willing to subject their funds to the wild fluctuations of a tiny cryptocurreny in order to get their dough minutes earlier in not aware of any marketplaces that operate of ultracoins and one last thing two thirds of ultracoin is run by a single pool . no one takes anything other than etc except for the occasional ltc fanatic . no one takes anything other than etc except for the occasional ltc fanatic . no one takes anything other than etc except for the occasional ltc fanatic . no one takes anything other than etc except for the occasional ltc fanatic . i could be wrong but i dont think any vendors are willing to subject their funds to the wild fluctuations of a tiny cryptocurreny in order to get their dough minutes earlier in not aware of any marketplaces that operate of ultracoins and one last thing two thirds of ultracoin is run by a single pool . no one takes anything other than etc except for the occasional ltc fanatic . just wanted to know if any vendors accept ultracoins here as its supposed to be the fastest cryptocurency out right now i bought myself a few coins and in transferring between wallets and exchanges it only takes the coins about seconds to arrive to my wallet fully confirmed thought that might be a good reason for vendors to start accepting that if anyone does please let me know thank you . 