beware of ordering from vapor pen i ordered about a week ago and sent my pgp encrypted address only to have him respond that he couldnt decrypt it no one else ever has problems with my pgp so come to find out he uses igolder com for pgp a service that is very questionable security wise he wanted me to send my address via privnote not secure and email please none of these security issues are disclaimed in his vendor profile or i never would ordered most infuriatingly despite my repeated please to just cancel the order so the coins would come back out of escrow he just wouldnt for a week just kept asking me to send my address via privnote or email i was starting to wonder if he was just waiting for it to autofinalize finally be support canceled it for me vapor pen is either really really stupid or clever enough to appear stupid and most important he does not utilize accepted standards of secure communication dont expose yourself to danger needlessly done patronize him if he cant use pgp what other dangerous practices is he engaging in with your personal information . beware of ordering from vapor pen i ordered about a week ago and sent my pgp encrypted address only to have him respond that he couldnt decrypt it no one else ever has problems with my pgp so come to find out he uses igolder com for pgp a service that is very questionable security wise he wanted me to send my address via privnote not secure and email please none of these security issues are disclaimed in his vendor profile or i never would ordered most infuriatingly despite my repeated please to just cancel the order so the coins would come back out of escrow he just wouldnt for a week just kept asking me to send my address via privnote or email i was starting to wonder if he was just waiting for it to autofinalize finally be support canceled it for me vapor pen is either really really stupid or clever enough to appear stupid and most important he does not utilize accepted standards of secure communication dont expose yourself to danger needlessly done patronize him if he cant use pgp what other dangerous practices is he engaging in with your personal information . beware of ordering from vapor pen i ordered about a week ago and sent my pgp encrypted address only to have him respond that he couldnt decrypt it no one else ever has problems with my pgp so come to find out he uses igolder com for pgp a service that is very questionable security wise he wanted me to send my address via privnote not secure and email please none of these security issues are disclaimed in his vendor profile or i never would ordered most infuriatingly despite my repeated please to just cancel the order so the coins would come back out of escrow he just wouldnt for a week just kept asking me to send my address via privnote or email i was starting to wonder if he was just waiting for it to autofinalize finally be support canceled it for me vapor pen is either really really stupid or clever enough to appear stupid and most important he does not utilize accepted standards of secure communication dont expose yourself to danger needlessly done patronize him if he cant use pgp what other dangerous practices is he engaging in with your personal information . beware of ordering from vapor pen i ordered about a week ago and sent my pgp encrypted address only to have him respond that he couldnt decrypt it no one else ever has problems with my pgp so come to find out he uses igolder com for pgp a service that is very questionable security wise he wanted me to send my address via privnote not secure and email please none of these security issues are disclaimed in his vendor profile or i never would ordered most infuriatingly despite my repeated please to just cancel the order so the coins would come back out of escrow he just wouldnt for a week just kept asking me to send my address via privnote or email i was starting to wonder if he was just waiting for it to autofinalize finally be support canceled it for me vapor pen is either really really stupid or clever enough to appear stupid and most important he does not utilize accepted standards of secure communication dont expose yourself to danger needlessly done patronize him if he cant use pgp what other dangerous practices is he engaging in with your personal information . hey shorty we gon party like its your birthday rapper fifty cent new album is going to have an option to buy with bitcoin discuss . hey shorty we gon party like its your birthday rapper fifty cent new album is going to have an option to buy with bitcoin discuss . hell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this . ha thats pretty cool didnt know he was coming out with a new album . hell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this . ha thats pretty cool didnt know he was coming out with a new album . hey shorty we gon party like its your birthday rapper fifty cent new album is going to have an option to buy with bitcoin discuss . ha thats pretty cool didnt know he was coming out with a new album . ha thats pretty cool didnt know he was coming out with a new album . hell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this . hell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this . hey shorty we gon party like its your birthday rapper fifty cent new album is going to have an option to buy with bitcoin discuss . hahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this travesty . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit . i dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support . i dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support . i dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit . quote from boogie on june pmquote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit im going to suggest he uses this as his album cover . quote from boogie on june pmhell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this yeah blinged out btc how appropriate or is it an oxymoron . quote from boogie on june pmquote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit im going to suggest he uses this as his album cover . hahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this travesty . quote from boogie on june pmquote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit im going to suggest he uses this as his album cover . hahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this travesty . quote from boogie on june pmhell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this yeah blinged out btc how appropriate or is it an oxymoron . quote from boogie on june pmhell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this yeah blinged out btc how appropriate or is it an oxymoron . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit . hahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this travesty . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit . i dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support . quote from boogie on june pmhell wear a giant blinded out bitin medallion around his neck one that looks like this yeah blinged out btc how appropriate or is it an oxymoron . quote from boogie on june pmquote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest lmao bi bi bi bitcoin unit im going to suggest he uses this as his album cover . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest dude thats hilarious what a great ecit i love making edits like that . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support well good for you i would put my money where my mouth is too if i had any money i wonder if it will help the sales in a significant way whos still buying fifty albums i mean does he even have street cried anymore question mark . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support well good for you i would put my money where my mouth is too if i had any money i wonder if it will help the sales in a significant way whos still buying fifty albums i mean does he even have street cried anymore question mark . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest dude thats hilarious what a great ecit i love making edits like that . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support well good for you i would put my money where my mouth is too if i had any money i wonder if it will help the sales in a significant way whos still buying fifty albums i mean does he even have street cried anymore question mark . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest dude thats hilarious what a great ecit i love making edits like that . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support well good for you i would put my money where my mouth is too if i had any money i wonder if it will help the sales in a significant way whos still buying fifty albums i mean does he even have street cried anymore question mark . quote from ant r on june pmhahaha oh god my ribs cent and btc the world is truly coming to an end in light of this revelation i decided to make an edit take full credit for this bravest dude thats hilarious what a great ecit i love making edits like that . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support are there any independent music stores that accept bc that way you could buy some music you actually enjoy support bitcoin and help a small business instead of lining that misogynistic pricks pockets . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support are there any independent music stores that accept bc that way you could buy some music you actually enjoy support bitcoin and help a small business instead of lining that misogynistic pricks pockets . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support are there any independent music stores that accept bc that way you could buy some music you actually enjoy support bitcoin and help a small business instead of lining that misogynistic pricks pockets . quote from trc on june ami dont even like fifty cent but i will buy the album so how is that for marketing sense anyone who will take bitcoin gets my support are there any independent music stores that accept bc that way you could buy some music you actually enjoy support bitcoin and help a small business instead of lining that misogynistic pricks pockets . this evening ive had to re login just about every half hour is this how its been ii havent used the market in a while . this evening ive had to re login just about every half hour is this how its been ii havent used the market in a while . this evening ive had to re login just about every half hour is this how its been ii havent used the market in a while . this evening ive had to re login just about every half hour is this how its been ii havent used the market in a while . its to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers . its to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers . its to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers yes i know that it boots you after awhile for security reasons but the day i wrote this thread i was getting rooted every few minutes it was wondrous just trying to do a simple transaction mustve been a pitchy day it seems back to normal today . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers yes i know that it boots you after awhile for security reasons but the day i wrote this thread i was getting rooted every few minutes it was wondrous just trying to do a simple transaction mustve been a pitchy day it seems back to normal today . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers yes i know that it boots you after awhile for security reasons but the day i wrote this thread i was getting rooted every few minutes it was wondrous just trying to do a simple transaction mustve been a pitchy day it seems back to normal today . its to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers yes i know that it boots you after awhile for security reasons but the day i wrote this thread i was getting rooted every few minutes it was wondrous just trying to do a simple transaction mustve been a pitchy day it seems back to normal today . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers aha thanks for this bit of info it makes sense and im gon na be less passed when i get rooted now knowing that its for a good cause . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers aha thanks for this bit of info it makes sense and im gon na be less passed when i get rooted now knowing that its for a good cause . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers aha thanks for this bit of info it makes sense and im gon na be less passed when i get rooted now knowing that its for a good cause . quote from test on june pmits to prevent bots and automated scanners scrapers aha thanks for this bit of info it makes sense and im gon na be less passed when i get rooted now knowing that its for a good cause . 