omega mandy sr forums mdma sample link . omega mandy sr forums mdma sample link . omega mandy sr forums mdma sample link . omega mandy sr forums mdma sample link . wan na know something interesting i have not once been accused of posting cp on sr know why because i never started fucking with a market i should not have been fucking with . you are on the ball arent you now they said by weeks end and it ended about minutes ago so i guess they never lied because i am sure they will have it back up by the weeks end . agora is working fine stop bitching dumbasses like gathered gathered and other stupid spreading fed sucka dick motherfockers . hope not i have no sales so no loss to me just set up on evolution as well . now now this aint your average troll trash talk thread i for would like very much to hear from agra admin on the subject its drolly all over reddit but not a word down here maybe even a quick mention on their forums but i know that just causes issues too look at what happened when clu opened his mouth . agora is working fine stop bitching dumbasses like gathered gathered and other stupid spreading fed sucka dick motherfockers . i hope they come back soon they should at least give an update . is anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything . message from hydroblowback today not sure theres been a bug on the system for a unknown amount of time site should be up in a weeks time so that sucks big time . huh i still havent been able to log in . gathered is full of fed pay him zero mind hes a swam artist from sr that worthless sr clone . huh i still havent been able to log in . gathered is full of fed pay him zero mind hes a swam artist from sr that worthless sr clone . does anyone know whats happening the new link doesnt work . wan na know something interesting i have not once been accused of posting cp on sr know why because i never started fucking with a market i should not have been fucking with . quote from rounded on april pmis anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything there is every reason to doubt the fuckers u every reason to be slammed of ur money keep trustin these markets without mufti sig or rd party office escrow the idiots have been up weeks in the last and not a word from staff thats the first thing ever that now how you do business and any off u still doing business there is an idiot . message from hydroblowback today not sure theres been a bug on the system for a unknown amount of time site should be up in a weeks time so that sucks big time . does anyone know whats happening the new link doesnt work . we know that the old url posted a message saying that they were moving servers and that they said it would be back up by the end of the week we dont know which week they meant when they said that or if they are indeed doing what the message said we know that they have not posted a single message since the site was taken down and that thus far no new information has been provided we also know that someone logged into the agra forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been no sight of agra admins or staff hopefully if the site is not up again soon they will provide some sort of update until then we really know nothing we hope we think we believe but we do not know . of thanks . quote from rounded on april pmis anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything there is every reason to doubt the fuckers u every reason to be slammed of ur money keep trustin these markets without mufti sig or rd party office escrow the idiots have been up weeks in the last and not a word from staff thats the first thing ever that now how you do business and any off u still doing business there is an idiot . hope not i have no sales so no loss to me just set up on evolution as well . wan na know something interesting i have not once been accused of posting cp on sr know why because i never started fucking with a market i should not have been fucking with . i spoke to soon i am back on agora its working . is anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything . i spoke to soon i am back on agora its working . now now this aint your average troll trash talk thread i for would like very much to hear from agra admin on the subject its drolly all over reddit but not a word down here maybe even a quick mention on their forums but i know that just causes issues too look at what happened when clu opened his mouth . i hope they come back soon they should at least give an update . we know that the old url posted a message saying that they were moving servers and that they said it would be back up by the end of the week we dont know which week they meant when they said that or if they are indeed doing what the message said we know that they have not posted a single message since the site was taken down and that thus far no new information has been provided we also know that someone logged into the agra forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been no sight of agra admins or staff hopefully if the site is not up again soon they will provide some sort of update until then we really know nothing we hope we think we believe but we do not know . does anyone know whats happening the new link doesnt work . you are on the ball arent you now they said by weeks end and it ended about minutes ago so i guess they never lied because i am sure they will have it back up by the weeks end . of thanks . we know that the old url posted a message saying that they were moving servers and that they said it would be back up by the end of the week we dont know which week they meant when they said that or if they are indeed doing what the message said we know that they have not posted a single message since the site was taken down and that thus far no new information has been provided we also know that someone logged into the agra forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been no sight of agra admins or staff hopefully if the site is not up again soon they will provide some sort of update until then we really know nothing we hope we think we believe but we do not know . you are on the ball arent you now they said by weeks end and it ended about minutes ago so i guess they never lied because i am sure they will have it back up by the weeks end . now now this aint your average troll trash talk thread i for would like very much to hear from agra admin on the subject its drolly all over reddit but not a word down here maybe even a quick mention on their forums but i know that just causes issues too look at what happened when clu opened his mouth . agora is working fine stop bitching dumbasses like gathered gathered and other stupid spreading fed sucka dick motherfockers . gathered is full of fed pay him zero mind hes a swam artist from sr that worthless sr clone . message from hydroblowback today not sure theres been a bug on the system for a unknown amount of time site should be up in a weeks time so that sucks big time . is anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything . i hope they come back soon they should at least give an update . now now this aint your average troll trash talk thread i for would like very much to hear from agra admin on the subject its drolly all over reddit but not a word down here maybe even a quick mention on their forums but i know that just causes issues too look at what happened when clu opened his mouth . does anyone know whats happening the new link doesnt work . huh i still havent been able to log in . i hope they come back soon they should at least give an update . message from hydroblowback today not sure theres been a bug on the system for a unknown amount of time site should be up in a weeks time so that sucks big time . i spoke to soon i am back on agora its working . hope not i have no sales so no loss to me just set up on evolution as well . is anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything . quote from rounded on april pmis anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything there is every reason to doubt the fuckers u every reason to be slammed of ur money keep trustin these markets without mufti sig or rd party office escrow the idiots have been up weeks in the last and not a word from staff thats the first thing ever that now how you do business and any off u still doing business there is an idiot . i spoke to soon i am back on agora its working . you are on the ball arent you now they said by weeks end and it ended about minutes ago so i guess they never lied because i am sure they will have it back up by the weeks end . wan na know something interesting i have not once been accused of posting cp on sr know why because i never started fucking with a market i should not have been fucking with . hope not i have no sales so no loss to me just set up on evolution as well . quote from rounded on april pmis anybody suggesting any reason to doubt them other than we should always doubt everything there is every reason to doubt the fuckers u every reason to be slammed of ur money keep trustin these markets without mufti sig or rd party office escrow the idiots have been up weeks in the last and not a word from staff thats the first thing ever that now how you do business and any off u still doing business there is an idiot . of thanks . we know that the old url posted a message saying that they were moving servers and that they said it would be back up by the end of the week we dont know which week they meant when they said that or if they are indeed doing what the message said we know that they have not posted a single message since the site was taken down and that thus far no new information has been provided we also know that someone logged into the agra forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been no sight of agra admins or staff hopefully if the site is not up again soon they will provide some sort of update until then we really know nothing we hope we think we believe but we do not know . agora is working fine stop bitching dumbasses like gathered gathered and other stupid spreading fed sucka dick motherfockers . gathered is full of fed pay him zero mind hes a swam artist from sr that worthless sr clone . of thanks . huh i still havent been able to log in . quote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here . quote from northwest nuggets on april am i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum yes this is what worried me jesus i post one thread and it becomes all about cp and trolling . quote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here . quote from northwest nuggets on april am i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum yes this is what worried me jesus i post one thread and it becomes all about cp and trolling . quote from northwest nuggets on april am i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum yes this is what worried me jesus i post one thread and it becomes all about cp and trolling . quote from daddybee on april amquote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here fine for me . in other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye . i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum . quote from daddybee on april amquote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here fine for me . quote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here . i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum . in other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye . i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum . quote from daddybee on april amquote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here fine for me . in other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye . in other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye . quote from northwest nuggets on april am i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum yes this is what worried me jesus i post one thread and it becomes all about cp and trolling . quote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here . quote from daddybee on april amquote from trc on april amin other news just in about hours ago agora is now running a smooth as silk and i must say i like their management style no news is good news prevents a cluster fuck aye is it still working for you it isnt working here fine for me . i dont like how agra disappeared for several days there is no reason not to put a message on the forum . 