say one has a comp tower too far from wifi to connect ethernet cable they then use adroit phone to tether to the local wifi as a wireless hub can any private data be extracted from my phone company even if using tor tails and virtualbox . say one has a comp tower too far from wifi to connect ethernet cable they then use adroit phone to tether to the local wifi as a wireless hub can any private data be extracted from my phone company even if using tor tails and virtualbox . say one has a comp tower too far from wifi to connect ethernet cable they then use adroit phone to tether to the local wifi as a wireless hub can any private data be extracted from my phone company even if using tor tails and virtualbox . say one has a comp tower too far from wifi to connect ethernet cable they then use adroit phone to tether to the local wifi as a wireless hub can any private data be extracted from my phone company even if using tor tails and virtualbox . this does not sound like a very secure setup to many unknowns involved buy a cheap router bridge from craigslist or ebay to extend your internet connection google dd wrt firmware plus compatible routers . this does not sound like a very secure setup to many unknowns involved buy a cheap router bridge from craigslist or ebay to extend your internet connection google dd wrt firmware plus compatible routers . this does not sound like a very secure setup to many unknowns involved buy a cheap router bridge from craigslist or ebay to extend your internet connection google dd wrt firmware plus compatible routers . this does not sound like a very secure setup to many unknowns involved buy a cheap router bridge from craigslist or ebay to extend your internet connection google dd wrt firmware plus compatible routers . this reminds me of a good friend who told me he used a simless rooted adroit phone with a firewall that was attached to public wifi then tethered to his pc . this reminds me of a good friend who told me he used a simless rooted adroit phone with a firewall that was attached to public wifi then tethered to his pc . this reminds me of a good friend who told me he used a simless rooted adroit phone with a firewall that was attached to public wifi then tethered to his pc . this reminds me of a good friend who told me he used a simless rooted adroit phone with a firewall that was attached to public wifi then tethered to his pc . 