looks like its just major delays a little over hours ago with nothing in the fog . were running towards days on an attempted deposit to fog no action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago no reply from support hrs has anyone seen worse hope fogs no qu ed now . looks like its just major delays a little over hours ago with nothing in the fog . were running towards days on an attempted deposit to fog no action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago no reply from support hrs has anyone seen worse hope fogs no qu ed now . looks like its just major delays a little over hours ago with nothing in the fog . were running towards days on an attempted deposit to fog no action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago no reply from support hrs has anyone seen worse hope fogs no qu ed now . looks like its just major delays a little over hours ago with nothing in the fog . were running towards days on an attempted deposit to fog no action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago no reply from support hrs has anyone seen worse hope fogs no qu ed now . its all ok now very slownearely days for the deposite to show normal withdraw complete . its all ok now very slownearely days for the deposite to show normal withdraw complete . its all ok now very slownearely days for the deposite to show normal withdraw complete . its all ok now very slownearely days for the deposite to show normal withdraw complete . give read many reports of slow deposits or slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple of months had a withdrawal myself that showed as complete on fog but no trace on blockchain which completed perfectly if a little later than i had hoped what i havent seen is someone complaining that their transaction never completed personally i trust bitcoin fog had a few blips where i doubted i must admit but dont use them if theres any kind of urgency with your transaction is my advice peace . give read many reports of slow deposits or slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple of months had a withdrawal myself that showed as complete on fog but no trace on blockchain which completed perfectly if a little later than i had hoped what i havent seen is someone complaining that their transaction never completed personally i trust bitcoin fog had a few blips where i doubted i must admit but dont use them if theres any kind of urgency with your transaction is my advice peace . give read many reports of slow deposits or slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple of months had a withdrawal myself that showed as complete on fog but no trace on blockchain which completed perfectly if a little later than i had hoped what i havent seen is someone complaining that their transaction never completed personally i trust bitcoin fog had a few blips where i doubted i must admit but dont use them if theres any kind of urgency with your transaction is my advice peace . give read many reports of slow deposits or slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple of months had a withdrawal myself that showed as complete on fog but no trace on blockchain which completed perfectly if a little later than i had hoped what i havent seen is someone complaining that their transaction never completed personally i trust bitcoin fog had a few blips where i doubted i must admit but dont use them if theres any kind of urgency with your transaction is my advice peace . 