bringing you africas finest manna our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is pretty cool though you will find us at agra evolution free to leave your comments about our weed one love . bringing you africas finest manna our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is pretty cool though you will find us at agra evolution free to leave your comments about our weed one love . bringing you africas finest manna our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is pretty cool though you will find us at agra evolution free to leave your comments about our weed one love . bringing you africas finest manna our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is pretty cool though you will find us at agra evolution free to leave your comments about our weed one love . i got a sample from these guys really good weed that surprised me as give had sware from south africa before which was distinctly average this was very fruit and gave a nice uplifting sativa high that was a bit short lived but at those prices its not a hardship to skin up another one good stealth and arrived in about a week . i got a sample from these guys really good weed that surprised me as give had sware from south africa before which was distinctly average this was very fruit and gave a nice uplifting sativa high that was a bit short lived but at those prices its not a hardship to skin up another one good stealth and arrived in about a week . i got a sample from these guys really good weed that surprised me as give had sware from south africa before which was distinctly average this was very fruit and gave a nice uplifting sativa high that was a bit short lived but at those prices its not a hardship to skin up another one good stealth and arrived in about a week . i got a sample from these guys really good weed that surprised me as give had sware from south africa before which was distinctly average this was very fruit and gave a nice uplifting sativa high that was a bit short lived but at those prices its not a hardship to skin up another one good stealth and arrived in about a week . quote from afrikansun on may amguys and girlswe are a jewish vendor to the markets and have had our stores up for a little while now we want to bring you southern africa finest bush weed at affordable prices we have a number of promis running at the shops and on the forums at each site i am quite active on the forums at our various markets and would like to see this thread grow into a valuable resource for new and old customers alike the feedback we have got from our customers so far has been gamesome our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is rather a value for money smoke that will leave you hopefully quite satisfied you will find us at the following market places cannabis road pandora bazaar p y a g okuv onion index php user bf f c c bba e efeel free to leave your comments about our weed and our service here hopefully we will live up to your expectations one love howzit afrikansun are you by chance the dagda couple from sr or a totally new vendor regardsamai . quote from afrikansun on may amguys and girlswe are a jewish vendor to the markets and have had our stores up for a little while now we want to bring you southern africa finest bush weed at affordable prices we have a number of promis running at the shops and on the forums at each site i am quite active on the forums at our various markets and would like to see this thread grow into a valuable resource for new and old customers alike the feedback we have got from our customers so far has been gamesome our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is rather a value for money smoke that will leave you hopefully quite satisfied you will find us at the following market places cannabis road pandora bazaar p y a g okuv onion index php user bf f c c bba e efeel free to leave your comments about our weed and our service here hopefully we will live up to your expectations one love howzit afrikansun are you by chance the dagda couple from sr or a totally new vendor regardsamai . quote from afrikansun on may amguys and girlswe are a jewish vendor to the markets and have had our stores up for a little while now we want to bring you southern africa finest bush weed at affordable prices we have a number of promis running at the shops and on the forums at each site i am quite active on the forums at our various markets and would like to see this thread grow into a valuable resource for new and old customers alike the feedback we have got from our customers so far has been gamesome our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is rather a value for money smoke that will leave you hopefully quite satisfied you will find us at the following market places cannabis road pandora bazaar p y a g okuv onion index php user bf f c c bba e efeel free to leave your comments about our weed and our service here hopefully we will live up to your expectations one love howzit afrikansun are you by chance the dagda couple from sr or a totally new vendor regardsamai . quote from afrikansun on may amguys and girlswe are a jewish vendor to the markets and have had our stores up for a little while now we want to bring you southern africa finest bush weed at affordable prices we have a number of promis running at the shops and on the forums at each site i am quite active on the forums at our various markets and would like to see this thread grow into a valuable resource for new and old customers alike the feedback we have got from our customers so far has been gamesome our bud is not the stickiest weed out there it is rather a value for money smoke that will leave you hopefully quite satisfied you will find us at the following market places cannabis road pandora bazaar p y a g okuv onion index php user bf f c c bba e efeel free to leave your comments about our weed and our service here hopefully we will live up to your expectations one love howzit afrikansun are you by chance the dagda couple from sr or a totally new vendor regardsamai . not the dagda couple we are new to the markets . not the dagda couple we are new to the markets . not the dagda couple we are new to the markets . not the dagda couple we are new to the markets . guys girls quite a bummer the hack at canaris road all orders that where placed up to and including sunday have been shipped if you need any other info drop me a messageone love . guys girls quite a bummer the hack at canaris road all orders that where placed up to and including sunday have been shipped if you need any other info drop me a messageone love . guys girls quite a bummer the hack at canaris road all orders that where placed up to and including sunday have been shipped if you need any other info drop me a messageone love . guys girls quite a bummer the hack at canaris road all orders that where placed up to and including sunday have been shipped if you need any other info drop me a messageone love . this guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k . this guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k . this guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k . this guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k . agra changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct . just a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either . just a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either . agra changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct . agra changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct . just a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either . just a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either . agra changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct . quote from jack harkness on september pmagora changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct thank you jack . quote from kaiminiene on september pmthis guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k i was really happy to hear that it eventually made it all the way from tailand thanks bud the post office is a beast all on its own . quote from jack harkness on september pmagora changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct thank you jack . quote from kaiminiene on september pmthis guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k i was really happy to hear that it eventually made it all the way from tailand thanks bud the post office is a beast all on its own . quote from hotspitta on september pmjust a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either well spotted bud thank youif you would like a sample please contact me at one of the shopsone love . quote from kaiminiene on september pmthis guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k i was really happy to hear that it eventually made it all the way from tailand thanks bud the post office is a beast all on its own . quote from hotspitta on september pmjust a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either well spotted bud thank youif you would like a sample please contact me at one of the shopsone love . quote from jack harkness on september pmagora changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct thank you jack . quote from hotspitta on september pmjust a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either well spotted bud thank youif you would like a sample please contact me at one of the shopsone love . quote from hotspitta on september pmjust a heads up his agora link isnt the official link im guessing the others ones arent either well spotted bud thank youif you would like a sample please contact me at one of the shopsone love . quote from kaiminiene on september pmthis guy ordered g from him a couple months ago in weeks nothing came so i asked for a reship which came after week and now months later the first package came with a stamp missent to thailand on it if that doesnt solidify your trust in a vendor i dont know what will k i was really happy to hear that it eventually made it all the way from tailand thanks bud the post office is a beast all on its own . quote from jack harkness on september pmagora changed its url after the original post in this thread was made the urls for the other markets are still correct thank you jack . 