his pgp is different to his sr accounts pgp . albert should be back any day now actually within the next week . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amhis pgp is different to his sr accounts pgpits him but hes been out it seems . his pgp is different to his sr accounts pgp . albert should be back any day now actually within the next week . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amhis pgp is different to his sr account s pgpits him but he s been out it seems . his pgp is different to his sr account s pgp . albert should be back any day now actually within the next week . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amhis pgp is different to his sr accounts pgpits him but hes been out it seems . i doubt that theirs are going to be identical i mean it could be possible but i dont think so they also vary differently in dosage both on their paper and their liquid so you have to properly measure equal dosages and figure the math on all that albert does provide an amazing product all my hippie buddies really liked his stuff a little while ago . has anyone compared cevs between hoffmans gdf fluff and house of spirits gdf fluff . i doubt that theirs are going to be identical i mean it could be possible but i don t think so they also vary differently in dosage both on their paper and their liquid so you d have to properly measure equal dosages and figure the math on all that albert does provide an amazing product all my hippie buddies really liked his stuff a little while ago . i doubt that theirs are going to be identical i mean it could be possible but i dont think so they also vary differently in dosage both on their paper and their liquid so you have to properly measure equal dosages and figure the math on all that albert does provide an amazing product all my hippie buddies really liked his stuff a little while ago . has anyone compared cevs between hoffmans gdf fluff and house of spirits gdf fluff . has anyone compared cevs between gaffman s gdf fluff and house of spirits gdf fluff . i know because give talked with him and he told me exactly when he would be back ll i was going to make a purchase from him hes an amazing vendor and his product is well worth the price . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amquote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him alberthoffman posted this on an agra thread on my liquid lsd listings are up again they are only for us customers thx for the orders so far especially those of you who knew me on sr bmr and enjoyed this same white full liquid last summer and fall i ask you to please write me up here to let this community hear your thoughts on it . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amquote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him alberthoffman posted this on an agra thread on my liquid lsd listings are up again they are only for us customers thx for the orders so far especially those of you who knew me on sr bmr and enjoyed this same white full liquid last summer and fall i ask you to please write me up here to let this community hear your thoughts on it . quote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him . quote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him . quote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him . quote from leavetheworldbehind on march amquote from blue dream on march pmalbert should be back any day now actually within the next week how did you know that did you get a hold of him alberthoffman posted this on an agra thread on my liquid lsd listings are up again they are only for us customers thx for the orders so far especially those of you who knew me on sr bmr and enjoyed this same white full liquid last summer and fall i ask you to please write me up here to let this community hear your thoughts on it . i know because give talked with him and he told me exactly when he would be back ll i was going to make a purchase from him hes an amazing vendor and his product is well worth the price . i know because i ve talked with him and he told me exactly when he would be back ll i was going to make a purchase from him he s an amazing vendor and his product is well worth the price . quote from bruce on april amyou could try send him a message at the marketplace can t get a response . does anyone know alberthoffmans e mail address . hello i will chime in verify that ah is a let vendor with kick ass fresh clean fun crystal would i order again yes would i recommend to a friend yes happy trailsjdsecurity is not a option its a life style ah . does anyone know alberthoffman s e mail address . you could try send him a message at the marketplace . hello i will chime in verify that ah is a let vendor with kick ass fresh clean fun crystal would i order again yes would i recommend to a friend yes happy trailsjdsecurity is not a option it s a life style ah . quote from bruce on april amyou could try send him a message at the marketplace cant get a response . hello i will chime in verify that ah is a let vendor with kick ass fresh clean fun crystal would i order again yes would i recommend to a friend yes happy trailsjdsecurity is not a option its a life style ah . you could try send him a message at the marketplace . does anyone know alberthoffmans e mail address . quote from bruce on april amyou could try send him a message at the marketplace cant get a response . you could try send him a message at the marketplace . i hope so to you can always message him at agora saying that you have an order waiting for him here . quote from bruce on april amfrom the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora yeah i know he is on agora i messaged him here so i can avoid paying agra scammers commission and just give all the loot to al himself hopefully he contacts me . from the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora . quote from bruce on april amfrom the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora yeah i know he is on agora i messaged him here so i can avoid paying agra scammers commission and just give all the loot to al himself hopefully he contacts me . i hope so to you can always message him at agora saying that you have an order waiting for him here . from the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora . from the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora . i hope so to you can always message him at agora saying that you have an order waiting for him here . quote from bruce on april amfrom the marketplacequote alberthoffman last here day hours give him a couple of days and see if he messages you when gets back otherwise i think you can find him at agora yeah i know he is on agora i messaged him here so i can avoid paying agra scammers commission and just give all the loot to al himself hopefully he contacts me . 