i had money in my account before the attack or whatever happened now it says but i have been reading where some people have been getting their money back my accont is at and i have hit refresh etc etc still says will i ever get my coin back . i have a feeling that they disabled registration to help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due to the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins do not show as pending and other users who will not be getting repaid . i have a feeling that they disabled registration to help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due to the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins do not show as pending and other users who will not be getting repaid . i had money in my account before the attack or whatever happened now it says but i have been reading where some people have been getting their money back my accont is at and i have hit refresh etc etc still says will i ever get my coin back . i have a feeling that they disabled registration to help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due to the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins do not show as pending and other users who will not be getting repaid . i have a feeling that they disabled registration to help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due to the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins do not show as pending and other users who will not be getting repaid . i had money in my account before the attack or whatever happened now it says but i have been reading where some people have been getting their money back my accont is at and i have hit refresh etc etc still says will i ever get my coin back . i had money in my account before the attack or whatever happened now it says but i have been reading where some people have been getting their money back my accont is at and i have hit refresh etc etc still says will i ever get my coin back . quote from doctorclu on february pmthere has been a bit too much of an influx of new forum users lately which is resulting in a very high level of spam we are very busy with everything going on right now and it is best that we keep our focus where it should be as opposed to deleting these sorts of posts this wont be permanent and will be back on in a few days once we are caught up on work thank you for understanding . quote from doctorclu on february pmthere has been a bit too much of an influx of new forum users lately which is resulting in a very high level of spam we are very busy with everything going on right now and it is best that we keep our focus where it should be as opposed to deleting these sorts of posts this wont be permanent and will be back on in a few days once we are caught up on work thank you for understanding . quote from doctorclu on february pmthere has been a bit too much of an influx of new forum users lately which is resulting in a very high level of spam we are very busy with everything going on right now and it is best that we keep our focus where it should be as opposed to deleting these sorts of posts this wont be permanent and will be back on in a few days once we are caught up on work thank you for understanding . quote from doctorclu on february pmthere has been a bit too much of an influx of new forum users lately which is resulting in a very high level of spam we are very busy with everything going on right now and it is best that we keep our focus where it should be as opposed to deleting these sorts of posts this wont be permanent and will be back on in a few days once we are caught up on work thank you for understanding . 