since olympus tmg identifies solely as an information and communication platform not a market . hi i just came here from the active market list in reddit only to find its just the forum i have an agra account so in not new to this but thought this was a market but have now created a bb acount . this is a forum but you can also use it to directly contact vendors they post their offers in the active vendors section youll also find reviews here so you can decide which vendor is trustworthy and reliable but theres no escrow which means youll have to pay front it also means the admins cant steal your money as they arent in any way involved with the orders . since olympus tmg identifies solely as an information and communication platform not a market . hi i just came here from the active market list in reddit only to find its just the forum i have an agra account so in not new to this but thought this was a market but have now created a bb acount . hi i just came here from the active market list in reddit only to find its just the forum i have an agra account so in not new to this but thought this was a market but have now created a bb acount . since olympus tmg identifies solely as an information and communication platform not a market . this is a forum but you can also use it to directly contact vendors they post their offers in the active vendors section you ll also find reviews here so you can decide which vendor is trustworthy and reliable but there s no escrow which means you ll have to pay front it also means the admins can t steal your money as they aren t in any way involved with the orders . since olympus tmg identifies solely as an information and communication platform not a market . hi i just came here from the active market list in reddit only to find its just the forum i have an agra account so in not new to this but thought this was a market but have now created a bb acount . this is a forum but you can also use it to directly contact vendors they post their offers in the active vendors section youll also find reviews here so you can decide which vendor is trustworthy and reliable but theres no escrow which means youll have to pay front it also means the admins cant steal your money as they arent in any way involved with the orders . this is a forum but you can also use it to directly contact vendors they post their offers in the active vendors section youll also find reviews here so you can decide which vendor is trustworthy and reliable but theres no escrow which means youll have to pay front it also means the admins cant steal your money as they arent in any way involved with the orders . 