in order besides evo and agora these markets are on the rise middle earth marketplace tom marketplace nucleus marketplace run smoothly and have most security pgp features so that my cents . i am fairly impressed with middle earth marketplace their administrators are very responsive and the site is functions and intuitive javascript was required initials but in response to market demand they disable it by default . in order besides evo and agora these markets are on the rise middle earth marketplace tom marketplace nucleus marketplace run smoothly and have most security pgp features so that my cents . i am fairly impressed with middle earth marketplace their administrators are very responsive and the site is functions and intuitive javascript was required initials but in response to market demand they disable it by default . in order besides evo and agora these markets are on the rise middle earth marketplace tom marketplace nucleus marketplace run smoothly and have most security pgp features so that my cents . in order besides evo and agora these markets are on the rise middle earth marketplace tom marketplace nucleus marketplace run smoothly and have most security pgp features so that my cents . i am fairly impressed with middle earth marketplace their administrators are very responsive and the site is functions and intuitive javascript was required initials but in response to market demand they disable it by default . i am fairly impressed with middle earth marketplace their administrators are very responsive and the site is functions and intuitive javascript was required initials but in response to market demand they disable it by default . very professional pallidpallas you must be well read and hung cs . feel free to add suggestions to my security thread on nucleus im trying to get some dnm veterans over there to help liven up the forums . very professional pallidpallas you must be well read and hung cs . feel free to add suggestions to my security thread on nucleus im trying to get some dnm veterans over there to help liven up the forums . very professional pallidpallas you must be well read and hung cs . feel free to add suggestions to my security thread on nucleus im trying to get some dnm veterans over there to help liven up the forums . very professional pallidpallas you must be well read and hung cs . feel free to add suggestions to my security thread on nucleus im trying to get some dnm veterans over there to help liven up the forums . man it feels so good to have actually somewhat learned tails now i see why it is so important tails is great i am so excited just wanted to share this with the garden lightnlove edit so i figured out tails how do you save a document on tails for use later exit turning this thread into a help general discussion thread . man it feels so good to have actually somewhat learned tails now i see why it is so important tails is great i am so excited just wanted to share this with the garden lightnlove edit so i figured out tails how do you save a document on tails for use later exit turning this thread into a help general discussion thread . you should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later . you should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later . quote from bonobo on february amyou should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later i have created the persistent storage i tried saving some onion addresses but when i saved it and shut down tails and restarted it it was not saved so i have got the persistent storage . quote from bonobo on february amyou should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later i have created the persistent storage i tried saving some onion addresses but when i saved it and shut down tails and restarted it it was not saved so i have got the persistent storage . quote from xncsux on february amquote from bonobo on february amyou should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later i have created the persistent storage i tried saving some onion addresses but when i saved it and shut down tails and restarted it it was not saved so i have got the persistent storage didnt realize you had to save in the actual persistant folder problem solved lightnlove . years only the content of the persistent folder and subfolders will be permanently saved files left elsewhere will disappear on restart . quote from slartibart on february amyeas only the content of the persistent folder and subfolders will be permanently saved files left elsewhere will disappear on restart thank you for the confirmation it feels so good to have figured tails out lightnlove continue the tails discussion here . years only the content of the persistent folder and subfolders will be permanently saved files left elsewhere will disappear on restart . i saw that tor released a new plate question how do you update tor on tails lightnlove . quote from slartibart on february amyeas only the content of the persistent folder and subfolders will be permanently saved files left elsewhere will disappear on restart thank you for the confirmation it feels so good to have figured tails out lightnlove continue the tails discussion here . quote from xncsux on february amquote from bonobo on february amyou should create a persistent storage and save your files in that to access it later i have created the persistent storage i tried saving some onion addresses but when i saved it and shut down tails and restarted it it was not saved so i have got the persistent storage didnt realize you had to save in the actual persistant folder problem solved lightnlove . i saw that tor released a new plate question how do you update tor on tails lightnlove . so what happens after an order on dhl has been accepted and what exactly is the countdown clock thanks lightnlove edit after an order is marked accepted is than is marked shipped and i guess the countdown clock signifies when you can cancel bow dhl is going private very soon quote from dhl below members to go until we go private again market will go invite only only vendors will receive a limited of invites lightnlove . quote from dtdp on march pmi use paysheild had only transaction go missing and felix light rate and have it sent in multiply transactions plus a few extra wallets probably over kill since i only use it for personal use and buy very small amounts but better safe than sorry thanks yeah i was leaning towards the helix helix lite system that seems to be the most reliable l . quote from dtdp on march pmi use paysheild had only transaction go missing and felix light rate and have it sent in multiply transactions plus a few extra wallets probably over kill since i only use it for personal use and buy very small amounts but better safe than sorry damn payshield lost your transaction any idea if this was a mistake or your part makes me want to go back to helix . so i have noticed more exchanges closing accounts question what is your preferable tumbling service question what is your path from an exchange to a dnm thats rascally it just been doing intermediate wallets and nothing has happened thus far but due to all the account closures i may need to alter my pathway to dnms so any help would be great l . i use paysheild had only transaction go missing and felix light rate and have it sent in multiply transactions plus a few extra wallets probably over kill since i only use it for personal use and buy very small amounts but better safe than sorry . quote from swisscrystal on march pmquote from dtdp on march pmi use paysheild had only transaction go missing and felix light rate and have it sent in multiply transactions plus a few extra wallets probably over kill since i only use it for personal use and buy very small amounts but better safe than sorry damn payshield lost your transaction any idea if this was a mistake or your part makes me want to go back to helix more than likely it is my mess up it was only a few bucks so not that big of a deal . quote from swisscrystal on march ami would say exchange electric helix electrum market vendor walletsome may feel this is overkill i feel like that electric wallet would be rational but definitely couldn hurt thanks swisscrystal l . i would say exchange electric helix electrum market vendor walletsome may feel this is overkill . what is the best way to do helix like going from exchange to helix to market be good enough l . if i were in the business of dealing with coins i would probably not want to be paying someone to be middlemanning my coins i would be sending all routing through tor electrum electrum onion servicebut i feel that is extraneous due to the fact that most people around here are just sending blank blotters anyway right . 