i just wanted to post this to beware all buyers vender s coins is current on silkroad i dont know if hes on other sites or not but he is a well known scammer in the forums of silkroad and unfortunately he just scammed me outta so beware people hes scammed others out of more money and in positive hes writing his own reviews as well . i just wanted to post this to beware all buyers vender s coins is current on silkroad i dont know if hes on other sites or not but he is a well known scammer in the forums of silkroad and unfortunately he just scammed me outta so beware people hes scammed others out of more money and in positive hes writing his own reviews as well . that sucks sorry to hear that preach to others to stay away from sr . that sucks sorry to hear that preach to others to stay away from sr . i just wanted to post this to beware all buyers vender s coins is current on silkroad i dont know if hes on other sites or not but he is a well known scammer in the forums of silkroad and unfortunately he just scammed me outta so beware people hes scammed others out of more money and in positive hes writing his own reviews as well . that sucks sorry to hear that preach to others to stay away from sr . go to a place like localbitcoins com they put coins in escrow until deal is finished i just did a wu deal with a dude in china and got my coins in minutes you can see there feedback and everything . go to a place like localbitcoins com they put coins in escrow until deal is finished i just did a wu deal with a dude in china and got my coins in minutes you can see there feedback and everything . go to a place like localbitcoins com they put coins in escrow until deal is finished i just did a wu deal with a dude in china and got my coins in minutes you can see there feedback and everything . yea believe me i feel stupid but not that stupid because it was just i knew better than to trust those vendors with more than but i read the forums about s coins too late i usually buy from themiddleman but he was out so i had to buy from a new vendor just beware people i hate silkroad been there for a while but its just swam central anybody wan a give me an agra invite . yea believe me i feel stupid but not that stupid because it was just i knew better than to trust those vendors with more than but i read the forums about s coins too late i usually buy from themiddleman but he was out so i had to buy from a new vendor just beware people i hate silkroad been there for a while but its just swam central anybody wan a give me an agra invite . yea believe me i feel stupid but not that stupid because it was just i knew better than to trust those vendors with more than but i read the forums about s coins too late i usually buy from themiddleman but he was out so i had to buy from a new vendor just beware people i hate silkroad been there for a while but its just swam central anybody wan a give me an agra invite . 