i see post stating that agora was gon a be down for a few hours but that was yesterday anyone else still having problems getting into agora a few times i logged in and looked at my orders and went to finialize an order then it timed out also i need the agra forum link . i see post stating that agora was gon a be down for a few hours but that was yesterday anyone else still having problems getting into agora a few times i logged in and looked at my orders and went to finialize an order then it timed out also i need the agra forum link . its probably just very busy its best to pick a time of day that some section of the world is sleeping to access the page when the servers are overlooked when the west and east coast of america as well as the euro union is awake are the worst times to get in but as it stands i have not been able to sign in . its probably just very busy its best to pick a time of day that some section of the world is sleeping to access the page when the servers are overlooked when the west and east coast of america as well as the euro union is awake are the worst times to get in but as it stands i have not been able to sign in . as far as i understand they are still experiencing a do attack they have been taking steps to counter it but the server load is still very high just be patient and try to spread your attempts out when you do log in get whatever you need done finished asap . its probably just very busy its best to pick a time of day that some section of the world is sleeping to access the page when the servers are overlooked when the west and east coast of america as well as the euro union is awake are the worst times to get in but as it stands i have not been able to sign in . i see post stating that agora was gon a be down for a few hours but that was yesterday anyone else still having problems getting into agora a few times i logged in and looked at my orders and went to finialize an order then it timed out also i need the agra forum link . its probably just very busy its best to pick a time of day that some section of the world is sleeping to access the page when the servers are overlooked when the west and east coast of america as well as the euro union is awake are the worst times to get in but as it stands i have not been able to sign in . as far as i understand they are still experiencing a do attack they have been taking steps to counter it but the server load is still very high just be patient and try to spread your attempts out when you do log in get whatever you need done finished asap . as far as i understand they are still experiencing a do attack they have been taking steps to counter it but the server load is still very high just be patient and try to spread your attempts out when you do log in get whatever you need done finished asap . as far as i understand they are still experiencing a do attack they have been taking steps to counter it but the server load is still very high just be patient and try to spread your attempts out when you do log in get whatever you need done finished asap . i see post stating that agora was gon a be down for a few hours but that was yesterday anyone else still having problems getting into agora a few times i logged in and looked at my orders and went to finialize an order then it timed out also i need the agra forum link . its a mixed experience most of yesterday i couldnt log in at all but since last night i have been able to get in every other attempt and get some work done right now its being very obstinate but this is a high traffic period earlier this morning it was smooth as could be i suggest you find something else to do for a while and casually is mins apart try to log in do not keep spamming the refresh button it only makes it worse so far i have been able to get in within trys but i wont even bother trying to log in again until later tonight . yesterday it was very slow today i cant log in at all . its so slow its just about down i finally logged in but after tries still could not upload a listing . its so slow its just about down i finally logged in but after tries still could not upload a listing . its a mixed experience most of yesterday i couldnt log in at all but since last night i have been able to get in every other attempt and get some work done right now its being very obstinate but this is a high traffic period earlier this morning it was smooth as could be i suggest you find something else to do for a while and casually is mins apart try to log in do not keep spamming the refresh button it only makes it worse so far i have been able to get in within trys but i wont even bother trying to log in again until later tonight . yesterday it was very slow today i cant log in at all . its so slow its just about down i finally logged in but after tries still could not upload a listing . yesterday it was very slow today i cant log in at all . its so slow its just about down i finally logged in but after tries still could not upload a listing . its a mixed experience most of yesterday i couldnt log in at all but since last night i have been able to get in every other attempt and get some work done right now its being very obstinate but this is a high traffic period earlier this morning it was smooth as could be i suggest you find something else to do for a while and casually is mins apart try to log in do not keep spamming the refresh button it only makes it worse so far i have been able to get in within trys but i wont even bother trying to log in again until later tonight . yesterday it was very slow today i cant log in at all . its a mixed experience most of yesterday i couldnt log in at all but since last night i have been able to get in every other attempt and get some work done right now its being very obstinate but this is a high traffic period earlier this morning it was smooth as could be i suggest you find something else to do for a while and casually is mins apart try to log in do not keep spamming the refresh button it only makes it worse so far i have been able to get in within trys but i wont even bother trying to log in again until later tonight . give been trying to get in all morning and i get the firefox cant find the page error definitely a server overload im trying to get all my orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen the agora account on the forums mentioned a heavy dos attack on so apparently someone is jealous agora is actually making a little money . i cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix . i still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts . i cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix . quote from psychosis on march ami still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts its fairly random i have had decent luck very early in the am us time and the early evening the best suggestion is to simply keep trying at it and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks just make sure your ready to get whatever you need done immediately sad as it is who knows if your going to get successful page loads for a full hour treat it like you could get kicked any second and you should be able to make it happen . been reloading every minute for about hours with no avail . i still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts . quote from willed on march ami cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix im on the market site right now but the forums do not seem to be working for me whose accounts have been compromise your not referring to that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy is full of ship agora is still being dost as we speak and they are working on a solution so that why the site has been so slow lately im not really worried azores staff seems like a pretty competent bunch i just wish i could login to the forums to see whats going on there . the ip i see is just from my internal ip range not my external ip address . its still experiencing a do attack patience is the key during situations like this i remember when sr experienced a do attack that took down the server for a week just sit tight and everything will be aright . i literally just came from the agora fourms but i cant seem to log in keeps telling me an error occured but i know in typing in correct credentials to test this i created a new account then logged out and immediately tried to log back in and couldnt i dont know whats goin on but i hope they get it fixed id just recently got a referred link and im enjoying myself on agora in hate to see it go . i hope this will not be the end for agora prolonged ddos are always a bad omen . scarf . i cant even login to the forums it keeps telling me an error has occurred try again in seconds it doesnt matter how long i wait i still get the same message . there isnt any in next to my posts . the ip i see is just from my internal ip range not my external ip address . i cant even get the forum to load today its definitely down and we will see if they are able to correct the problem or not i would think that switching the uri around like bmr did might help . there isnt any in next to my posts . quote from willed on march ami cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix im on the market site right now but the forums do not seem to be working for me whose accounts have been compromise your not referring to that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy is full of ship agora is still being dost as we speak and they are working on a solution so that why the site has been so slow lately im not really worried azores staff seems like a pretty competent bunch i just wish i could login to the forums to see whats going on there . been reloading every minute for about hours with no avail . give been trying to get in all morning and i get the firefox cant find the page error definitely a server overload im trying to get all my orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen the agora account on the forums mentioned a heavy dos attack on so apparently someone is jealous agora is actually making a little money . i literally just came from the agora fourms but i cant seem to log in keeps telling me an error occured but i know in typing in correct credentials to test this i created a new account then logged out and immediately tried to log back in and couldnt i dont know whats goin on but i hope they get it fixed id just recently got a referred link and im enjoying myself on agora in hate to see it go . its still experiencing a do attack patience is the key during situations like this i remember when sr experienced a do attack that took down the server for a week just sit tight and everything will be aright . i cant even get the forum to load today its definitely down and we will see if they are able to correct the problem or not i would think that switching the uri around like bmr did might help . quote from psychosis on march ami still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts its fairly random i have had decent luck very early in the am us time and the early evening the best suggestion is to simply keep trying at it and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks just make sure your ready to get whatever you need done immediately sad as it is who knows if your going to get successful page loads for a full hour treat it like you could get kicked any second and you should be able to make it happen . i still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts . i cant even login to the forums it keeps telling me an error has occurred try again in seconds it doesnt matter how long i wait i still get the same message . i cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix . i literally just came from the agora fourms but i cant seem to log in keeps telling me an error occured but i know in typing in correct credentials to test this i created a new account then logged out and immediately tried to log back in and couldnt i dont know whats goin on but i hope they get it fixed id just recently got a referred link and im enjoying myself on agora in hate to see it go . been reloading every minute for about hours with no avail . give been trying to get in all morning and i get the firefox cant find the page error definitely a server overload im trying to get all my orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen the agora account on the forums mentioned a heavy dos attack on so apparently someone is jealous agora is actually making a little money . quote from willed on march ami cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix im on the market site right now but the forums do not seem to be working for me whose accounts have been compromise your not referring to that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy is full of ship agora is still being dost as we speak and they are working on a solution so that why the site has been so slow lately im not really worried azores staff seems like a pretty competent bunch i just wish i could login to the forums to see whats going on there . i cant even login to the forums it keeps telling me an error has occurred try again in seconds it doesnt matter how long i wait i still get the same message . i hope this will not be the end for agora prolonged ddos are always a bad omen . i just know its the same ip i use to connect my xbox to my pc . the ip i see is just from my internal ip range not my external ip address . this is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one . scarf . this is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one . i hope this will not be the end for agora prolonged ddos are always a bad omen . i just know its the same ip i use to connect my xbox to my pc . scarf . this is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one . i just know its the same ip i use to connect my xbox to my pc . quote from psychosis on march ami still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts its fairly random i have had decent luck very early in the am us time and the early evening the best suggestion is to simply keep trying at it and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks just make sure your ready to get whatever you need done immediately sad as it is who knows if your going to get successful page loads for a full hour treat it like you could get kicked any second and you should be able to make it happen . quote from psychosis on march ami still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts its fairly random i have had decent luck very early in the am us time and the early evening the best suggestion is to simply keep trying at it and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks just make sure your ready to get whatever you need done immediately sad as it is who knows if your going to get successful page loads for a full hour treat it like you could get kicked any second and you should be able to make it happen . i cant even get the forum to load today its definitely down and we will see if they are able to correct the problem or not i would think that switching the uri around like bmr did might help . i still cant login at all at the moment whats the best quietest time to login i would have thought in a few hrs from now would be a good time any thoughts . i cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix . i cant even get the forum to load today its definitely down and we will see if they are able to correct the problem or not i would think that switching the uri around like bmr did might help . there isnt any in next to my posts . its still experiencing a do attack patience is the key during situations like this i remember when sr experienced a do attack that took down the server for a week just sit tight and everything will be aright . its still experiencing a do attack patience is the key during situations like this i remember when sr experienced a do attack that took down the server for a week just sit tight and everything will be aright . i hope this will not be the end for agora prolonged ddos are always a bad omen . i literally just came from the agora fourms but i cant seem to log in keeps telling me an error occured but i know in typing in correct credentials to test this i created a new account then logged out and immediately tried to log back in and couldnt i dont know whats goin on but i hope they get it fixed id just recently got a referred link and im enjoying myself on agora in hate to see it go . been reloading every minute for about hours with no avail . give been trying to get in all morning and i get the firefox cant find the page error definitely a server overload im trying to get all my orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen the agora account on the forums mentioned a heavy dos attack on so apparently someone is jealous agora is actually making a little money . quote from willed on march ami cant get in kinda giving me the creaps how a few vendors accounts have been comprised in getting a bad feeling about this market most of the time the login page wont load i have been unable to login for the last hours or so in praying for a fix im on the market site right now but the forums do not seem to be working for me whose accounts have been compromise your not referring to that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy is full of ship agora is still being dost as we speak and they are working on a solution so that why the site has been so slow lately im not really worried azores staff seems like a pretty competent bunch i just wish i could login to the forums to see whats going on there . i cant even login to the forums it keeps telling me an error has occurred try again in seconds it doesnt matter how long i wait i still get the same message . quote from chosen on march pmi think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator here on the hub where the ip usually is it just says logged when i click it it say no one but mods can see your in address but on all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums it shows which is your well everyones localhost in address im a mod on tor bazaar and if i go to view the list of users everyones in comes up as that i have never seen it be anything different i do think is your actual localhost ip address though the one you type in to edit your network settings . it should show your localhost in wish is if it isnt then you are probably fucking up tor somehow by using onion to or some shit . quote from chosen on march pmi think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator here on the hub where the ip usually is it just says logged when i click it it say no one but mods can see your in address but on all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums it shows which is your well everyones localhost in address im a mod on tor bazaar and if i go to view the list of users everyones in comes up as that i have never seen it be anything different i do think is your actual localhost ip address though the one you type in to edit your network settings . i think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator . the ip you see is in private space and doesnt route on the internet rfc i think is for private address space google it are the private address space provided for anyone yo use most home networks use for their internal addressing . i think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator . mine shows and that is definitely not my ip address i dont use addressing i thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen at and redirect to port on localhost where the web server is listening if their hidden service is in torrc is using then that is what everyones ip will say it shouldn have anything to do with my personal localhost address as the whole point of tor and hidden services is to keep that anonymous i think the real question here is why doesnt the hub use rather than a private address . quote from chosen on march pmi think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator here on the hub where the ip usually is it just says logged when i click it it say no one but mods can see your in address but on all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums it shows which is your well everyones localhost in address im a mod on tor bazaar and if i go to view the list of users everyones in comes up as that i have never seen it be anything different i do think is your actual localhost ip address though the one you type in to edit your network settings . mine shows and that is definitely not my ip address i dont use addressing i thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen at and redirect to port on localhost where the web server is listening if their hidden service is in torrc is using then that is what everyones ip will say it shouldn have anything to do with my personal localhost address as the whole point of tor and hidden services is to keep that anonymous i think the real question here is why doesnt the hub use rather than a private address . it should show your localhost in wish is if it isnt then you are probably fucking up tor somehow by using onion to or some shit . it should show your localhost in wish is if it isnt then you are probably fucking up tor somehow by using onion to or some shit . i think he means the ip that is shown in your post on the hub that is my posts always show that as they are not serving off of localhost or they have their web serve listening on that private address rather than does your post evilgrin not show lower right hand corner next to report to moderator . the ip you see is in private space and doesnt route on the internet rfc i think is for private address space google it are the private address space provided for anyone yo use most home networks use for their internal addressing . mine shows and that is definitely not my ip address i dont use addressing i thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen at and redirect to port on localhost where the web server is listening if their hidden service is in torrc is using then that is what everyones ip will say it shouldn have anything to do with my personal localhost address as the whole point of tor and hidden services is to keep that anonymous i think the real question here is why doesnt the hub use rather than a private address . the ip you see is in private space and doesnt route on the internet rfc i think is for private address space google it are the private address space provided for anyone yo use most home networks use for their internal addressing . how about we all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin up thees forums brotha . i keep getting spam talking about due to captcha error on agora the link is indeed let but its a referred link to trick you into registering with there link so they can make a commision fee off of your purchases which is what the linkare for . quote from navudenas on march pmthis is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one is your local computer talking to itself is your local router so could be any computer on your local home network or maybe it represents the local ip on the hub network servers either way it doesnt matter its not your ip my posts also have something as my ip address dont worry op thats just as useless as it saying its not your real in edit yeah all my posts list as my ip and on other forums its so this probably has something to do with the architecture of the way the hub is set up . i keep getting spam talking about due to captcha error on agora the link is indeed let but its a referred link to trick you into registering with there link so they can make a commision fee off of your purchases which is what the linkare for . how about we all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin up thees forums brotha . i keep getting spam talking about due to captcha error on agora the link is indeed let but its a referred link to trick you into registering with there link so they can make a commision fee off of your purchases which is what the linkare for . how about we all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin up thees forums brotha . quote from navudenas on march pmthis is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one is your local computer talking to itself is your local router so could be any computer on your local home network or maybe it represents the local ip on the hub network servers either way it doesnt matter its not your ip my posts also have something as my ip address dont worry op thats just as useless as it saying its not your real in edit yeah all my posts list as my ip and on other forums its so this probably has something to do with the architecture of the way the hub is set up . i keep getting spam talking about due to captcha error on agora the link is indeed let but its a referred link to trick you into registering with there link so they can make a commision fee off of your purchases which is what the linkare for . how about we all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin up thees forums brotha . quote from navudenas on march pmthis is about the ip address i see next to my post why the fuck is it my real ip torbrowser says my ip is different from my real one and i went to whatismyip com said the same ip as the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows my real one is your local computer talking to itself is your local router so could be any computer on your local home network or maybe it represents the local ip on the hub network servers either way it doesnt matter its not your ip my posts also have something as my ip address dont worry op thats just as useless as it saying its not your real in edit yeah all my posts list as my ip and on other forums its so this probably has something to do with the architecture of the way the hub is set up . beyond aggravating when you cant even be logged in long enough to answer messages and do customer support ugh im loving this market too hope they fix this and soon . beyond aggravating when you cant even be logged in long enough to answer messages and do customer support ugh im loving this market too hope they fix this and soon . beyond aggravating when you cant even be logged in long enough to answer messages and do customer support ugh im loving this market too hope they fix this and soon . beyond aggravating when you cant even be logged in long enough to answer messages and do customer support ugh im loving this market too hope they fix this and soon . i logged on today was fine for about mins now pages not loading amai . i logged on today was fine for about mins now pages not loading amai . i logged on today was fine for about mins now pages not loading amai . i logged on today was fine for about mins now pages not loading amai . all seems to be absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum wonder if they paid whoever was doing it to go away . all seems to be absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum wonder if they paid whoever was doing it to go away . all seems to be absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum wonder if they paid whoever was doing it to go away . all seems to be absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum wonder if they paid whoever was doing it to go away . 