hi allhopefully everyone now understands our fe policy we are able to ship to everybody who fe ed before sr went down and have only sustained unmanageable losses as opposed to previous market crashes we are therefore able to continue to provide our services we are offering direct orders at we are listed on agora and pandora however we are looking at ordering methods that will not be prey to the scams hacks unsafe escrow systems and shady support of all of the previous markets please contact us directly with any questions and bookmark this discussion looking forward to hearing from you thankswgsdirecting people to email or pm for the purpose of trade is strictly forbidden at the hub captain jack . its good to see youre doing well i will be in it for the long run with you and everybody else . hi allhopefully everyone now understands our fe policy we are able to ship to everybody who fe ed before sr went down and have only sustained unmanageable losses as opposed to previous market crashes we are therefore able to continue to provide our services we are offering direct orders at we are listed on agora and pandora however we are looking at ordering methods that will not be prey to the scams hacks unsafe escrow systems and shady support of all of the previous markets please contact us directly with any questions and bookmark this discussion looking forward to hearing from you thankswgsdirecting people to email or pm for the purpose of trade is strictly forbidden at the hub captain jack . its good to see youre doing well i will be in it for the long run with you and everybody else . its good to see youre doing well i will be in it for the long run with you and everybody else . hi allhopefully everyone now understands our fe policy we are able to ship to everybody who fe ed before sr went down and have only sustained unmanageable losses as opposed to previous market crashes we are therefore able to continue to provide our services we are offering direct orders at we are listed on agora and pandora however we are looking at ordering methods that will not be prey to the scams hacks unsafe escrow systems and shady support of all of the previous markets please contact us directly with any questions and bookmark this discussion looking forward to hearing from you thankswgsdirecting people to email or pm for the purpose of trade is strictly forbidden at the hub captain jack . hi allhopefully everyone now understands our fe policy we are able to ship to everybody who fe ed before sr went down and have only sustained unmanageable losses as opposed to previous market crashes we are therefore able to continue to provide our services we are offering direct orders at we are listed on agora and pandora however we are looking at ordering methods that will not be prey to the scams hacks unsafe escrow systems and shady support of all of the previous markets please contact us directly with any questions and bookmark this discussion looking forward to hearing from you thankswgsdirecting people to email or pm for the purpose of trade is strictly forbidden at the hub captain jack . its good to see youre doing well i will be in it for the long run with you and everybody else . quote from captaingreenngold on february amnot trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums have received a zip from weedgirls i do not doubt them whatsoever trusted vendor . please get verified in vendor verification thread . not trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums . quote from weedgirls on february pmwe can offer deferential off market pricing i might like this . everyone is welcome not to use us or to trust the markets instead you will also have noticed the retractions and the or so people who had only positive feedback we are only offering low risk services as an alternative for you and ourselves thankswgs . please get verified in vendor verification thread . not trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums . quote from captaingreenngold on february amnot trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums have received a zip from weedgirls i do not doubt them whatsoever trusted vendor . quote from weedgirls on february pmwe can offer deferential off market pricing i might like this . quote from captaingreenngold on february amnot trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums have received a zip from weedgirls i do not doubt them whatsoever trusted vendor . quote from weedgirls on february pmwe can offer deferential off market pricing i might like this . quote from captaingreenngold on february amnot trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums have received a zip from weedgirls i do not doubt them whatsoever trusted vendor . please get verified in vendor verification thread . everyone is welcome not to use us or to trust the markets instead you will also have noticed the retractions and the or so people who had only positive feedback we are only offering low risk services as an alternative for you and ourselves thankswgs . not trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums . everyone is welcome not to use us or to trust the markets instead you will also have noticed the retractions and the or so people who had only positive feedback we are only offering low risk services as an alternative for you and ourselves thankswgs . not trying to be rude but i remember reading some not so pleasant stuff about you recently on sr forums . quote from weedgirls on february pmwe can offer deferential off market pricing i might like this . everyone is welcome not to use us or to trust the markets instead you will also have noticed the retractions and the or so people who had only positive feedback we are only offering low risk services as an alternative for you and ourselves thankswgs . please get verified in vendor verification thread . done thanks . done thanks . done thanks . done thanks . cant recommend these guys enough received my ounce of blue chunk in the mail and its some dank mostly smaller nugs with a few large ones and very pageant smell smokes really smooth and has a nice potency came in only days with the holiday so in very pleased packaging was on par as well ill be back weedgirls . cant recommend these guys enough received my ounce of blue chunk in the mail and its some dank mostly smaller nugs with a few large ones and very pageant smell smokes really smooth and has a nice potency came in only days with the holiday so in very pleased packaging was on par as well ill be back weedgirls . cant recommend these guys enough received my ounce of blue chunk in the mail and its some dank mostly smaller nugs with a few large ones and very pageant smell smokes really smooth and has a nice potency came in only days with the holiday so in very pleased packaging was on par as well ill be back weedgirls . cant recommend these guys enough received my ounce of blue chunk in the mail and its some dank mostly smaller nugs with a few large ones and very pageant smell smokes really smooth and has a nice potency came in only days with the holiday so in very pleased packaging was on par as well ill be back weedgirls . 