hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . thanks for the plate weve been loving acropolis lately our invite referred url . thanks for the plate weve been loving acropolis lately our invite referred url . thanks for the plate weve been loving acropolis lately our invite referred url . my beautiful lovely and sex invite to the acropolis marketplace very sex . acropolis seems to be a nice place i like the design thx ras . not as sexy but a more powerful referred to the acropolis market is this one because all commissions from the acropolis market go to the dnm avengers kitty b thanks . my beautiful lovely and sex invite to the acropolis marketplace very sex . as of today you can also find us on acropolis selling high quality cocaine we ship anywhere except scandinavia finland italy switzerland n zealand australia and us go multisig referred profile store . acropolis seems to be a nice place i like the design thx ras . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . hmmmm thanks for the heads up oc . as of today you can also find us on acropolis selling high quality cocaine we ship anywhere except scandinavia finland italy switzerland n zealand australia and us go multisig referred profile store . thanks for the plate weve been loving acropolis lately our invite referred url . thanks for the plate weve been loving acropolis lately our invite referred url . there is a fairly new marketplace and forum and it seems to be ran by some people that really want to make a difference on the dn i am speaking of the acropolis market am the moderator on their forum for the cocaine section is just now starting to gain some vendors and buyers so now is the time to check them out i helped to vet a cola vendor on there la santa muert and we got him kicked off the market before he could do any damage now that vendor does not seem to be on any other market either dark heroes league banned him too so please do check out this new marketplace and forum . not as sexy but a more powerful referred to the acropolis market is this one because all commissions from the acropolis market go to the dnm avengers kitty b thanks . 