hello i need help please on iphone c i have the iphone and the iphone went c varistor device and we raised it to version so he was stuck in apple id now i do not know him or ever know i wanted to know if there is somehow a way around it or break it very important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphonethank you regards . hello i need help please on iphone c i have the iphone and the iphone went c varistor device and we raised it to version so he was stuck in apple id now i do not know him or ever know i wanted to know if there is somehow a way around it or break it very important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphonethank you regards . hello i need help please on iphone c i have the iphone and the iphone went c varistor device and we raised it to version so he was stuck in apple id now i do not know him or ever know i wanted to know if there is somehow a way around it or break it very important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphonethank you regards . hello i need help please on iphone c i have the iphone and the iphone went c varistor device and we raised it to version so he was stuck in apple id now i do not know him or ever know i wanted to know if there is somehow a way around it or break it very important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphonethank you regards . use it as a door stop . use it as a door stop . youll probably have to somehow completely reformat it and reinstall the os im not exactly sure how to do this but in sure its not impossible that might be able to fix it for you . youll probably have to somehow completely reformat it and reinstall the os im not exactly sure how to do this but in sure its not impossible that might be able to fix it for you . use it as a door stop . use it as a door stop . youll probably have to somehow completely reformat it and reinstall the os im not exactly sure how to do this but in sure its not impossible that might be able to fix it for you . youll probably have to somehow completely reformat it and reinstall the os im not exactly sure how to do this but in sure its not impossible that might be able to fix it for you . quote from patrik on september amvery important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphoneso important that you create an account here to ask for help . quote from patrik on september amvery important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphoneso important that you create an account here to ask for help . quote from patrik on september amvery important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphoneso important that you create an account here to ask for help . quote from patrik on september amvery important to me give been a few days without a mobile device without an iphoneso important that you create an account here to ask for help . get an android . get an android . get an android . get an android . get a dumb phone . get a dumb phone . get a dumb phone . get a dumb phone . 