quote from saywhat on september am linkgood eye didnt see that . i was googling jane and up its browseable via clearnet too of is this crap . the other day i searched swiss bliss on google not on tor and pushingtabu gammagoblins store came up i could navigate the site just as on tor very strange . i heard dns is going to start indexing onion addresses and their links might be bad might be good this forum is public setting is set so it can be crawled but if you dont search for it it discourages the site being indeed someone must have bookmarked it in chrome interesting . i heard dns is going to start indexing onion addresses and their links might be bad might be good this forum is public setting is set so it can be crawled but if you dont search for it it discourages the site being indeed someone must have bookmarked it in chrome interesting . i was googling jane and up it s browseable via clearnet too of is this crap . what ehhhh isnt that sorta bad i thought onion sites were not accessible through clearnet unless this is a clearnet site disguised as an onion site . the other day i searched swiss bliss on google not on tor and pushingtabu gammagoblins store came up i could navigate the site just as on tor very strange . what ehhhh isnt that sorta bad i thought onion sites were not accessible through clearnet unless this is a clearnet site disguised as an onion site . quote from saywhat on september am linkgood eye didnt see that . link . link . i heard dns is going to start indexing onion addresses and their links might be bad might be good this forum is public setting is set so it can be crawled but if you don t search for it it discourages the site being indeed someone must have bookmarked it in chrome interesting . quote from saywhat on september am linkgood eye didn t see that . what ehhhh isn t that sorta bad i thought onion sites were not accessible through clearnet unless this is a clearnet site disguised as an onion site . i was googling jane and up its browseable via clearnet too of is this crap . the other day i searched swiss bliss on google not on tor and pushingtabu gammagoblins store came up i could navigate the site just as on tor very strange . link . 