the mind boggles why on earth dont you just use a different market agora see sig for referred pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around as long as sr and havent been plagued by dozens of mysterious admin accounts arrests of insiders and massive bitcoin thefts . sr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down . howdy give never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious cheers mdparity . right now its the safest it can be once market faith restores and more vendors return expect the scam to strike again no use scamming the little fish . quote from captainwhitebeard on february pmsr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down thanks a lot a good answer . please dont . quote from mdparity on february alive never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious ltxocqh nvwkofil oniontbh im not even sure if its still active their forums only have like registered members lol main site captcha refuses to work so i think it might be of to scratch this one off the list . the mind boggles why on earth dont you just use a different market agora see sig for referred pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around as long as sr and havent been plagued by dozens of mysterious admin accounts arrests of insiders and massive bitcoin thefts . i have an agra account too and i know another markets but in sr the same deal is more cheap than agora and i never placed a order in agora before yet its totally safe now i ask this question for maybe if somebody place a order today or if someone put bitcoins in sr scrow without problems in this things if yes maybe is possible put the money and quickly place the order but i dont know less with this answers im gon na waiting for more reports and if not nothing secure i should place the order in agora then although is more expensive the same deal than in s please if anyone put in the sr scrow bitcoins receive bitcoins and can place orders without any problem too report here it would be of great help for me and for other users people who go to get bitcoins in s scrow i recommend small quantities first to test to see if the account reaches and to the last one respect please i have not insulted anyone thanks everyone . hello sr its opened again and i have a question it would be safe put a exact quantity of bitcoin in my sr scrow and quickly place a order with this bitcoins or is a major risk at the moment i wan na place a order but i want know first if place orders in sr and put the bitcoins to do that in the sr escrow its safe now if someone that place or placed a order in sr or put bitcoins in his sr scrow without any problem please report here thanks in advance . quote from captainwhitebeard on february pmsr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down thanks a lot a good answer . quote from mdparity on february alive never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious ltxocqh nvwkofil oniontbh im not even sure if its still active their forums only have like registered members lol main site captcha refuses to work so i think it might be of to scratch this one off the list . i have an agra account too and i know another markets but in sr the same deal is more cheap than agora and i never placed a order in agora before yet its totally safe now i ask this question for maybe if somebody place a order today or if someone put bitcoins in sr scrow without problems in this things if yes maybe is possible put the money and quickly place the order but i dont know less with this answers im gon na waiting for more reports and if not nothing secure i should place the order in agora then although is more expensive the same deal than in s please if anyone put in the sr scrow bitcoins receive bitcoins and can place orders without any problem too report here it would be of great help for me and for other users people who go to get bitcoins in s scrow i recommend small quantities first to test to see if the account reaches and to the last one respect please i have not insulted anyone thanks everyone . quote from captainwhitebeard on february pmsr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down thanks a lot a good answer . quote from mdparity on february alive never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious ltxocqh nvwkofil oniontbh im not even sure if its still active their forums only have like registered members lol main site captcha refuses to work so i think it might be of to scratch this one off the list . i have an agra account too and i know another markets but in sr the same deal is more cheap than agora and i never placed a order in agora before yet its totally safe now i ask this question for maybe if somebody place a order today or if someone put bitcoins in sr scrow without problems in this things if yes maybe is possible put the money and quickly place the order but i dont know less with this answers im gon na waiting for more reports and if not nothing secure i should place the order in agora then although is more expensive the same deal than in s please if anyone put in the sr scrow bitcoins receive bitcoins and can place orders without any problem too report here it would be of great help for me and for other users people who go to get bitcoins in s scrow i recommend small quantities first to test to see if the account reaches and to the last one respect please i have not insulted anyone thanks everyone . please dont . right now its the safest it can be once market faith restores and more vendors return expect the scam to strike again no use scamming the little fish . sr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down . quote from mdparity on february alive never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious ltxocqh nvwkofil oniontbh im not even sure if its still active their forums only have like registered members lol main site captcha refuses to work so i think it might be of to scratch this one off the list . hello sr its opened again and i have a question it would be safe put a exact quantity of bitcoin in my sr scrow and quickly place a order with this bitcoins or is a major risk at the moment i wan na place a order but i want know first if place orders in sr and put the bitcoins to do that in the sr escrow its safe now if someone that place or placed a order in sr or put bitcoins in his sr scrow without any problem please report here thanks in advance . i have an agra account too and i know another markets but in sr the same deal is more cheap than agora and i never placed a order in agora before yet its totally safe now i ask this question for maybe if somebody place a order today or if someone put bitcoins in sr scrow without problems in this things if yes maybe is possible put the money and quickly place the order but i dont know less with this answers im gon na waiting for more reports and if not nothing secure i should place the order in agora then although is more expensive the same deal than in s please if anyone put in the sr scrow bitcoins receive bitcoins and can place orders without any problem too report here it would be of great help for me and for other users people who go to get bitcoins in s scrow i recommend small quantities first to test to see if the account reaches and to the last one respect please i have not insulted anyone thanks everyone . quote from captainwhitebeard on february pmsr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down thanks a lot a good answer . hello sr its opened again and i have a question it would be safe put a exact quantity of bitcoin in my sr scrow and quickly place a order with this bitcoins or is a major risk at the moment i wan na place a order but i want know first if place orders in sr and put the bitcoins to do that in the sr escrow its safe now if someone that place or placed a order in sr or put bitcoins in his sr scrow without any problem please report here thanks in advance . howdy give never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious cheers mdparity . right now its the safest it can be once market faith restores and more vendors return expect the scam to strike again no use scamming the little fish . the mind boggles why on earth dont you just use a different market agora see sig for referred pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around as long as sr and havent been plagued by dozens of mysterious admin accounts arrests of insiders and massive bitcoin thefts . right now its the safest it can be once market faith restores and more vendors return expect the scam to strike again no use scamming the little fish . hello sr its opened again and i have a question it would be safe put a exact quantity of bitcoin in my sr scrow and quickly place a order with this bitcoins or is a major risk at the moment i wan na place a order but i want know first if place orders in sr and put the bitcoins to do that in the sr escrow its safe now if someone that place or placed a order in sr or put bitcoins in his sr scrow without any problem please report here thanks in advance . please dont . please dont . howdy give never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious cheers mdparity . sr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down . sr is working fine for now just dont leave coin in your wallet if you are not ordering like i should of done the rule applys to all markets you never know if they will go down . howdy give never heard of dream market could you share a link just curious cheers mdparity . the mind boggles why on earth dont you just use a different market agora see sig for referred pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around as long as sr and havent been plagued by dozens of mysterious admin accounts arrests of insiders and massive bitcoin thefts . you can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust . you can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust . hello i have another question about the reopened of sr and this is about s account too in deposit adresses above the adresses we can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure of your identity we have basin internal mixing implements but if silk road is ever compromise you will not be safe do not rely on one single point of failure we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service if you are unfamiliar with mixing services we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations what it mean this i dont know nothing about that really is a payment method or what is it if somebody can explain me this and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr i think that is something like that of another way but i wan a know what is it and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely how works like i said if is another thing please tell me too its a important information to know thanks . of thanks but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow stays in pending balance and yesterday i sent for make a test and is pending confirmation too but not in pending balances yet when this problem be fix it then using bitcoinfog for example i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely and place orders with the same way of always and if is yes when this may be possible thanks a lot . services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins you see etc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too s sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited but it no longer does . quote from mycarneedstint on february amsr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums try and stop me . sr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums . you can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust . services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins you see etc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too s sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited but it no longer does . quote from llama socks on february pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust exactly . of thanks but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow stays in pending balance and yesterday i sent for make a test and is pending confirmation too but not in pending balances yet when this problem be fix it then using bitcoinfog for example i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely and place orders with the same way of always and if is yes when this may be possible thanks a lot . hello i have another question about the reopened of sr and this is about s account too in deposit adresses above the adresses we can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure of your identity we have basin internal mixing implements but if silk road is ever compromise you will not be safe do not rely on one single point of failure we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service if you are unfamiliar with mixing services we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations what it mean this i dont know nothing about that really is a payment method or what is it if somebody can explain me this and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr i think that is something like that of another way but i wan a know what is it and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely how works like i said if is another thing please tell me too its a important information to know thanks . quote from llama socks on february pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust exactly . sr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums . you can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust . of thanks but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow stays in pending balance and yesterday i sent for make a test and is pending confirmation too but not in pending balances yet when this problem be fix it then using bitcoinfog for example i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely and place orders with the same way of always and if is yes when this may be possible thanks a lot . hello i have another question about the reopened of sr and this is about s account too in deposit adresses above the adresses we can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure of your identity we have basin internal mixing implements but if silk road is ever compromise you will not be safe do not rely on one single point of failure we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service if you are unfamiliar with mixing services we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations what it mean this i dont know nothing about that really is a payment method or what is it if somebody can explain me this and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr i think that is something like that of another way but i wan a know what is it and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely how works like i said if is another thing please tell me too its a important information to know thanks . quote from mycarneedstint on february amsr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums try and stop me . sr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums . quote from llama socks on february pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust exactly . of thanks but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow stays in pending balance and yesterday i sent for make a test and is pending confirmation too but not in pending balances yet when this problem be fix it then using bitcoinfog for example i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely and place orders with the same way of always and if is yes when this may be possible thanks a lot . hello i have another question about the reopened of sr and this is about s account too in deposit adresses above the adresses we can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure of your identity we have basin internal mixing implements but if silk road is ever compromise you will not be safe do not rely on one single point of failure we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service if you are unfamiliar with mixing services we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations what it mean this i dont know nothing about that really is a payment method or what is it if somebody can explain me this and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr i think that is something like that of another way but i wan a know what is it and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely how works like i said if is another thing please tell me too its a important information to know thanks . services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins you see etc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too s sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited but it no longer does . quote from mycarneedstint on february amsr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums try and stop me . services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins you see etc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too s sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited but it no longer does . quote from llama socks on february pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust exactly . sr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums . quote from mycarneedstint on february amsr is not and never will be safe not ever again and never really was stay away from the sr forums try and stop me . im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after not a hope . im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after not a hope . im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after not a hope . im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after not a hope . i cant access to agora this happened to me many times before but not so many times so much time i cant access since hours more or less and i tryed access one time another and another somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have so much problems many times to can connect somebody know this i hope that after sleep when i wake up in hours works fine because i waiting for place a order i use the same link as always i done think that the problem its for that no way surely the servers are overlaid or many new users on the market and they need more servers . i managed to get in about mins back and still have access access is getting a bit spotty now though i really hope they get this sorted out soon . i cant access to agora this happened to me many times before but not so many times so much time i cant access since hours more or less and i tryed access one time another and another somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have so much problems many times to can connect somebody know this i hope that after sleep when i wake up in hours works fine because i waiting for place a order i use the same link as always i done think that the problem its for that no way surely the servers are overlaid or many new users on the market and they need more servers . having the same problem and i want to ship orders . at the moment we also cant get on we have been trying all morning our shop on sr is still up and running if anybody is desperate for anything we havent got round to putting any listings on pandora as yet but hope to asap anyway fingers crossed for agra lets hope things get sorted soon th . having the same problem and i want to ship orders . i managed to get in about mins back and still have access access is getting a bit spotty now though i really hope they get this sorted out soon . i cant access to agora this happened to me many times before but not so many times so much time i cant access since hours more or less and i tryed access one time another and another somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have so much problems many times to can connect somebody know this i hope that after sleep when i wake up in hours works fine because i waiting for place a order i use the same link as always i done think that the problem its for that no way surely the servers are overlaid or many new users on the market and they need more servers . i cant access to agora this happened to me many times before but not so many times so much time i cant access since hours more or less and i tryed access one time another and another somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have so much problems many times to can connect somebody know this i hope that after sleep when i wake up in hours works fine because i waiting for place a order i use the same link as always i done think that the problem its for that no way surely the servers are overlaid or many new users on the market and they need more servers . at the moment we also cant get on we have been trying all morning our shop on sr is still up and running if anybody is desperate for anything we havent got round to putting any listings on pandora as yet but hope to asap anyway fingers crossed for agra lets hope things get sorted soon th . at the moment we also cant get on we have been trying all morning our shop on sr is still up and running if anybody is desperate for anything we havent got round to putting any listings on pandora as yet but hope to asap anyway fingers crossed for agra lets hope things get sorted soon th . having the same problem and i want to ship orders . i managed to get in about mins back and still have access access is getting a bit spotty now though i really hope they get this sorted out soon . i managed to get in about mins back and still have access access is getting a bit spotty now though i really hope they get this sorted out soon . having the same problem and i want to ship orders . at the moment we also cant get on we have been trying all morning our shop on sr is still up and running if anybody is desperate for anything we havent got round to putting any listings on pandora as yet but hope to asap anyway fingers crossed for agra lets hope things get sorted soon th . it is starting to get slightly annoying . i cant access now either i dont know what happening and i want access to send bitcoins to my escrow and to place a order but with this problem send bitcoins its a risk because the site sometimes open but so much times not and that is frustrating really i love agora i hope that they fix this problem soon . agora opens now . agora opens now . i think im done with agora this access shit is for the birds . it is working again now ddos attacks it seems it comes and goes but seems like agora is the most reliable market out there now . i think im done with agora this access shit is for the birds . it is starting to get slightly annoying . agora opens now . it is starting to get slightly annoying . it is working again now ddos attacks it seems it comes and goes but seems like agora is the most reliable market out there now . it is working again now ddos attacks it seems it comes and goes but seems like agora is the most reliable market out there now . we managed to get on yesterday for a little while but can not get on today just a note to customer who may have placed an order with us if we can not get logged before pm we will be unable to get the order shipped out today same as yesterday if you are desperate for anything we are also available on sr th . i cant access now either i dont know what happening and i want access to send bitcoins to my escrow and to place a order but with this problem send bitcoins its a risk because the site sometimes open but so much times not and that is frustrating really i love agora i hope that they fix this problem soon . we managed to get on yesterday for a little while but can not get on today just a note to customer who may have placed an order with us if we can not get logged before pm we will be unable to get the order shipped out today same as yesterday if you are desperate for anything we are also available on sr th . we managed to get on yesterday for a little while but can not get on today just a note to customer who may have placed an order with us if we can not get logged before pm we will be unable to get the order shipped out today same as yesterday if you are desperate for anything we are also available on sr th . it is working again now ddos attacks it seems it comes and goes but seems like agora is the most reliable market out there now . i cant access now either i dont know what happening and i want access to send bitcoins to my escrow and to place a order but with this problem send bitcoins its a risk because the site sometimes open but so much times not and that is frustrating really i love agora i hope that they fix this problem soon . i cant access now either i dont know what happening and i want access to send bitcoins to my escrow and to place a order but with this problem send bitcoins its a risk because the site sometimes open but so much times not and that is frustrating really i love agora i hope that they fix this problem soon . we managed to get on yesterday for a little while but can not get on today just a note to customer who may have placed an order with us if we can not get logged before pm we will be unable to get the order shipped out today same as yesterday if you are desperate for anything we are also available on sr th . i think im done with agora this access shit is for the birds . it is starting to get slightly annoying . agora opens now . i think im done with agora this access shit is for the birds . 