i clicked on the general link posted on this forum but agora still gives me this error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release what can i do . i clicked on the general link posted on this forum but agora still gives me this error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release what can i do . well that certainly is inconvenient i verified with my referred link and im getting the same error i suspect this was done as a temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks . well that certainly is inconvenient i verified with my referred link and im getting the same error i suspect this was done as a temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks . well that certainly is inconvenient i verified with my referred link and im getting the same error i suspect this was done as a temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks . i clicked on the general link posted on this forum but agora still gives me this error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release what can i do . well that certainly is inconvenient i verified with my referred link and im getting the same error i suspect this was done as a temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks . i clicked on the general link posted on this forum but agora still gives me this error can not register at this time user limit reached please wait until the full release what can i do . you can use this you have to wait a few days its not possible right now due to the user limit . right now you can join . right now you can join . you can use this you have to wait a few days its not possible right now due to the user limit . right now you can join . you can use this you have to wait a few days its not possible right now due to the user limit . right now you can join . you can use this you have to wait a few days its not possible right now due to the user limit . 