easy fix just send your coins directly to defcon dread pirate roberts or doctorclu . i am trying to make a purchase and add btc to sr but there are no addresses showing for me to do so i heard creating a new account is the fix but i tried that and still the same problem anyone know of a solution . as i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up . i am trying to make a purchase and add btc to sr but there are no addresses showing for me to do so i heard creating a new account is the fix but i tried that and still the same problem anyone know of a solution . well in in this bitch like a tampon agora working fine for me . quote from evilgrin on june amas i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up of thanks man i just wondering if i was missing a part of the puzzle i didnt know by you saying that agora was down meant that it didnt even show up any type of page saying anything about agora i appreciate your time . i have tried the link givin on here that is supposed to work and also many other links but every time it comes up saying problem loading page and i cant get to the page to register for agora i am using tor and have accused agora before but didnt have a reference so never registered but now this any idea on what my problem may be . i am trying to make a purchase and add btc to sr but there are no addresses showing for me to do so i heard creating a new account is the fix but i tried that and still the same problem anyone know of a solution . easy fix just send your coins directly to defcon dread pirate roberts or doctorclu . easy fix just send your coins directly to defcon dread pirate roberts or doctorclu . i have tried the link givin on here that is supposed to work and also many other links but every time it comes up saying problem loading page and i cant get to the page to register for agora i am using tor and have accused agora before but didnt have a reference so never registered but now this any idea on what my problem may be . quote from evilgrin on june amas i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up of thanks man i just wondering if i was missing a part of the puzzle i didnt know by you saying that agora was down meant that it didnt even show up any type of page saying anything about agora i appreciate your time . as i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up . well in in this bitch like a tampon agora working fine for me . well in in this bitch like a tampon agora working fine for me . as i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up . quote from evilgrin on june amas i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up of thanks man i just wondering if i was missing a part of the puzzle i didnt know by you saying that agora was down meant that it didnt even show up any type of page saying anything about agora i appreciate your time . i have tried the link givin on here that is supposed to work and also many other links but every time it comes up saying problem loading page and i cant get to the page to register for agora i am using tor and have accused agora before but didnt have a reference so never registered but now this any idea on what my problem may be . easy fix just send your coins directly to defcon dread pirate roberts or doctorclu . as i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up . i am trying to make a purchase and add btc to sr but there are no addresses showing for me to do so i heard creating a new account is the fix but i tried that and still the same problem anyone know of a solution . i have tried the link givin on here that is supposed to work and also many other links but every time it comes up saying problem loading page and i cant get to the page to register for agora i am using tor and have accused agora before but didnt have a reference so never registered but now this any idea on what my problem may be . quote from evilgrin on june amas i said in the other thread agora is down for everyone no site on the darknet have uptime or anything even close you will find that agora is down just as much as it is up of thanks man i just wondering if i was missing a part of the puzzle i didnt know by you saying that agora was down meant that it didnt even show up any type of page saying anything about agora i appreciate your time . well in in this bitch like a tampon agora working fine for me . 