hey majesticsorry if this has been pointed somewhere alreadyi was wondering what everyones uses to purchase their bitcoinswould be much appreciatedthanks . most secure would be cash deposits with vendors on localbitcoins or any kind of cash deposit for btc services . hey majesticsorry if this has been pointed somewhere alreadyi was wondering what everyones uses to purchase their bitcoinswould be much appreciatedthanks . most secure would be cash deposits with vendors on localbitcoins or any kind of cash deposit for btc services . localbitcoins and libertyx . localbitcoin with cash deposit . most secure would be cash deposits with vendors on localbitcoins or any kind of cash deposit for btc services . hey majesticsorry if this has been pointed somewhere alreadyi was wondering what everyones uses to purchase their bitcoinswould be much appreciatedthanks . localbitcoin with cash deposit . localbitcoin with cash deposit . luc cash deposits but keep in mind some banks require id i only use the ones that do not . localblond wigs and libertyx . luc cash deposits but keep in mind some banks require id i only use the ones that do not . localbitcoins and libertyx . luc cash deposits but keep in mind some banks require id i only use the ones that do not . i was lucky and had some friends who i could buy btc from i never did localbitcoins though b c it just seemed weird meeting up random people to do it i have heard you should avoid coinbase for dim dealings b c its tied to your bank acct but i imagine it could be safe as long as you run the coins through a tumbler then to an anonymous one time use wallet never tried it myself though would anyone here do it . from what i have read going from coinbase to a tumbler can also lead to funds being locked from what i have read if you want to use a tumbler and coinbase the best thing to do is coinbase clean wallet tumbler dnm walletbasically transferring it from coinbase to a clean wallet before you do anything nefarious with it should prevent coinbase from locking it down . i was lucky and had some friends who i could buy btc from i never did localbitcoins though b c it just seemed weird meeting up random people to do it i have heard you should avoid coinbase for dim dealings b c it s tied to your bank acct but i imagine it could be safe as long as you run the coins through a tumbler then to an anonymous one time use wallet never tried it myself though would anyone here do it . from what i have read going from coinbase to a tumbler can also lead to funds being locked from what i have read if you want to use a tumbler and coinbase the best thing to do is coinbase clean wallet tumbler dnm walletbasically transferring it from coinbase to a clean wallet before you do anything nefarious with it should prevent coinbase from locking it down . i was lucky and had some friends who i could buy btc from i never did localblond wigs though b c it just seemed weird meeting up random people to do it i have heard you should avoid coinbase for dim dealings b c its tied to your bank acct but i imagine it could be safe as long as you run the coins through a tumbler then to an anonymous one time use wallet never tried it myself though would anyone here do it . from what i have read going from coinbase to a tumbler can also lead to funds being locked from what i have read if you want to use a tumbler and coinbase the best thing to do is coinbase clean wallet tumbler dnm walletbasically transferring it from coinbase to a clean wallet before you do anything nefarious with it should prevent coinbase from locking it down . fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you cant trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to its members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within . fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you cant trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to its members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within . fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you can t trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to it s members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within . lbc all the way you can even use that to wire money to someone for example you need to wire someone or a company alarge amount of money but that means you must deposit the cash to your bank account and then wire the money to them questions may come up at the bank if the amount is over or you may not want to have a paper trail you may also want to make the payment anonymously lbc comes in find a btc buyer that does wire transfers test him out with a few small amounts first then do the large amount or break it up in a few smaller amounts done . lbc all the way you can even use that to wire money to someone for example you need to wire someone or a company alarge amount of money but that means you must deposit the cash to your bank account and then wire the money to them questions may come up at the bank if the amount is over or you may not want to have a paper trail you may also want to make the payment anonymously lbc comes in find a btc buyer that does wire transfers test him out with a few small amounts first then do the large amount or break it up in a few smaller amounts done . lbc all the way you can even use that to wire money to someone for example you need to wire someone or a company alarge amount of money but that means you must deposit the cash to your bank account and then wire the money to them questions may come up at the bank if the amount is over or you may not want to have a paper trail you may also want to make the payment anonymously lbc comes in find a btc buyer that does wire transfers test him out with a few small amounts first then do the large amount or break it up in a few smaller amounts done . quote from behold on june am fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you cant trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to its members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within this was really helpfullthanks to everyone who has posted in this and gave their input . quote from behold on june am fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you cant trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to its members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within this was really helpfullthanks to everyone who has posted in this and gave their input . quote from behold on june am fast and easy is a good way to lose the game my friend you will surely spend time behind bars thinking like this never attach your identitywhat i suggest is to find a btc club that is in favor of anonymous cash in mail transactions if you can t trust an anonymous vendor create your own club express the capital value of performing anonymous transactions to it s members and allow large markup for service when things get rolling with your btc fans anonymously purchase from within this was really helpfullthanks to everyone who has posted in this and gave their input . for me i went out and found a reliable member on the localbitcoin site that i gained trust in and such forth after meeting them many times and giving them false information such as a fake name and other things they have offered to me to just message them send them money they send me bitcoins they live not to far from me so all is well that may not work or everyone as some people that sell bitcoins are weird and wonder where your bitcoins go so be safe my friend . for me i went out and found a reliable member on the localbitcoin site that i gained trust in and such forth after meeting them many times and giving them false information such as a fake name and other things they have offered to me to just message them send them money they send me bitcoins they live not to far from me so all is well that may not work or everyone as some people that sell bitcoins are weird and wonder where your bitcoins go so be safe my friend . for me i went out and found a reliable member on the localbitcoin site that i gained trust in and such forth after meeting them many times and giving them false information such as a fake name and other things they have offered to me to just message them send them money they send me bitcoins they live not to far from me so all is well that may not work or everyone as some people that sell bitcoins are weird and wonder where your bitcoins go so be safe my friend . 