hey fake long time no see in glad youre still around . hi i am the trusted dealer fake am registered into onionshop isee this your listings are current deactivated for the following reason s problem no btc addresses availableyou need to add more etc addresses for incoming payments in settings but i do not understand how to add the btc addressand i cant upload the avatar have i to enable javascript . hey fake long time no see in glad youre still around . hi i am the trusted dealer fake am registered into onionshop isee this your listings are current deactivated for the following reason s problem no btc addresses availableyou need to add more etc addresses for incoming payments in settings but i do not understand how to add the btc addressand i cant upload the avatar have i to enable javascript . hi i am the trusted dealer fake am registered into onionshop isee this your listings are current deactivated for the following reason s problem no btc addresses availableyou need to add more etc addresses for incoming payments in settings but i do not understand how to add the btc addressand i cant upload the avatar have i to enable javascript . hey fake long time no see in glad youre still around . hi i am the trusted dealer fake am registered into onionshop isee this your listings are current deactivated for the following reason s problem no btc addresses availableyou need to add more etc addresses for incoming payments in settings but i do not understand how to add the btc addressand i cant upload the avatar have i to enable javascript . hey fake long time no see in glad youre still around . hey fake yeah we are implementing a new btc management system so you can just send us your btc addresses via the support section for now you have already done that though so my reply here is pretty pointless actually its sole purpose is that people notice what an incredible fast and competent customer support we have at onionshop nonetheless glad to have you here hit us up if you have any further troubles using our site cheersos . hey fake yeah we are implementing a new btc management system so you can just send us your btc addresses via the support section for now you have already done that though so my reply here is pretty pointless actually its sole purpose is that people notice what an incredible fast and competent customer support we have at onionshop nonetheless glad to have you here hit us up if you have any further troubles using our site cheersos . hey fake yeah we are implementing a new btc management system so you can just send us your btc addresses via the support section for now you have already done that though so my reply here is pretty pointless actually its sole purpose is that people notice what an incredible fast and competent customer support we have at onionshop nonetheless glad to have you here hit us up if you have any further troubles using our site cheersos . hey fake yeah we are implementing a new btc management system so you can just send us your btc addresses via the support section for now you have already done that though so my reply here is pretty pointless actually its sole purpose is that people notice what an incredible fast and competent customer support we have at onionshop nonetheless glad to have you here hit us up if you have any further troubles using our site cheersos . login troubles todayit say wrong password i di the recovery process it new pssword is wrong again do not work . login troubles todayit say wrong password i di the recovery process it new pssword is wrong again do not work . login troubles todayit say wrong password i di the recovery process it new pssword is wrong again do not work . login troubles todayit say wrong password i di the recovery process it new pssword is wrong again do not work . hmm did you wait the confirmation time which is his i think until trying again i have changed your password see pm you can login and change it back . hmm did you wait the confirmation time which is his i think until trying again i have changed your password see pm you can login and change it back . hmm did you wait the confirmation time which is his i think until trying again i have changed your password see pm you can login and change it back . hmm did you wait the confirmation time which is his i think until trying again i have changed your password see pm you can login and change it back . 