hey all just curious if blockchains shared send is safe enough to be considered a good air gap or if i should be using a more official tumbler like blond wigfog thanks . i tried it out when it was first created the taint analysis left much to be desired over traditional tumblers i use felix light from the grams website and have never had any issues . i tried it out when it was first created the taint analysis left much to be desired over traditional tumblers i use felix light from the grams website and have never had any issues . hey all just curious if blockchains shared send is safe enough to be considered a good air gap or if i should be using a more official tumbler like bitcoinfog thanks . hey all just curious if blockchain s shared send is safe enough to be considered a good air gap or if i should be using a more official tumbler like bitcoinfog thanks . i tried it out when it was first created the taint analysis left much to be desired over traditional tumblers i use felix light from the grams website and have never had any issues . i tried it out when it was first created the taint analysis left much to be desired over traditional tumblers i use felix light from the grams website and have never had any issues . hey all just curious if blockchains shared send is safe enough to be considered a good air gap or if i should be using a more official tumbler like blond wigfog thanks . it doesnt break the transaction chain so it shouldnt be used on its own but its good in combe with different mixing methods . it doesnt break the transaction chain so it shouldnt be used on its own but its good in combe with different mixing methods . it doesnt break the transaction chain so it shouldnt be used on its own but its good in combe with different mixing methods . it doesn t break the transaction chain so it shouldn t be used on it s own but it s good in combe with different mixing methods . be careful with bitcoinfog there is some indication they might be reflectively scamming and their support has been absent for over a year helix seems like the new gold standard . be careful with bitcoinfog there is some indication they might be reflectively scamming and their support has been absent for over a year helix seems like the new gold standard . be careful with bitcoinfog there is some indication they might be reflectively scamming and their support has been absent for over a year helix seems like the new gold standard . be careful with bitcoinfog there is some indication they might be reflectively scamming and their support has been absent for over a year helix seems like the new gold standard . 