hido you have a place to recommend for someone looking exchange crypto currencies btc etc etc a trusted onion site would be great but learned sites can be fine too thanks . if you are just changing from one currency to another and not to fiat then btc e com is a good exchange if you are in the us you may have to use a vpn with a non us ip . hido you have a place to recommend for someone looking exchange crypto currencies btc etc etc a trusted onion site would be great but learned sites can be fine too thanks . if you are just changing from one currency to another and not to fiat then btc e com is a good exchange if you are in the us you may have to use a vpn with a non us ip . hido you have a place to recommend for someone looking exchange crypto currencies btc etc etc a trusted onion site would be great but learned sites can be fine too thanks . if you are just changing from one currency to another and not to fiat then btc e com is a good exchange if you are in the us you may have to use a vpn with a non us ip . i want to buy btc using my litecoins for example no need for fiat thanks will try this site . i want to buy btc using my litecoins for example no need for fiat thanks will try this site . i want to buy btc using my litecoins for example no need for fiat thanks will try this site . i had no issues sending coin to agora or placing orders withdrawing my coins . agora is back and running . hidid someone send some founds to agora did it work well heard they had problem last weeks and would like to know if its fixed as they claim or if it isnt thanks . i had no issues sending coin to agora or placing orders withdrawing my coins . agora is back and running . hidid someone send some founds to agora did it work well heard they had problem last weeks and would like to know if it s fixed as they claim or if it isn t thanks . hidid someone send some founds to agora did it work well heard they had problem last weeks and would like to know if its fixed as they claim or if it isnt thanks . agora is back and running . i had no issues sending coin to agora or placing orders withdrawing my coins . nice thanks friends . nice thanks friends . nice thanks friends . quote from wilderness on june amnice thanks friends loving agra at as for any other market place i dont use any off them aprt from agora . quote from wilderness on june amnice thanks friends loving agra at as for any other market place i dont use any off them aprt from agora . quote from wilderness on june amnice thanks friends loving agra at as for any other market place i dont use any off them aprt from agora . 