indeed it does messages going out like they are supposed to now this reminds me that i need to set up up some more points if contact i think been procrastinating over that one . it seems to be working now . lelantos might be a good option . it seems almost impossible to find a free onion email address that s reliable i have an account on openmailbox mailtor sigaint and none of them work . its been broken all day cant send messages without getting an error and apparently no mail is coming through either anyone have any insight . indeed it does messages going out like they are supposed to now this reminds me that i need to set up up some more points if contact i think been procrastinating over that one . it seems to be working now . it seems almost impossible to find a free onion email address thats reliable i have an account on openmailbox mailtor sigaint and none of them work . lelantos might be a good option . lelantos might be a good option . it seems to be working now . its been broken all day cant send messages without getting an error and apparently no mail is coming through either anyone have any insight . its been broken all day cant send messages without getting an error and apparently no mail is coming through either anyone have any insight . indeed it does messages going out like they are supposed to now this reminds me that i need to set up up some more points if contact i think been procrastinating over that one . it seems almost impossible to find a free onion email address thats reliable i have an account on openmailbox mailtor sigaint and none of them work . quote from at as on september amlelantos might be a good option my lelantos has been pretty reliable i have a free sigaint but paid for the lelantos because it actually works of the time i need it to lol and i used that for a mailchuck and the mailchuck for a bitmessage ch . quote from at as on september amlelantos might be a good option my lelantos has been pretty reliable i have a free sigaint but paid for the lelantos because it actually works of the time i need it to lol and i used that for a mailchuck and the mailchuck for a bitmessage ch . my experience with lelantos has been spotty up and down multiply times throughout the last year and here of late it is chuck full of born spam sigaint has been pretty reliable only had one issue of emails bouncing and that was a few days ago seems to be on target as of now as messages are coming and going like normal again . my experience with lelantos has been spotty up and down multiply times throughout the last year and here of late it is chuck full of born spam sigaint has been pretty reliable only had one issue of emails bouncing and that was a few days ago seems to be on target as of now as messages are coming and going like normal again . my experience with lelantos has been spotty up and down multiply times throughout the last year and here of late it is chuck full of born spam sigaint has been pretty reliable only had one issue of emails bouncing and that was a few days ago seems to be on target as of now as messages are coming and going like normal again . quote from at as on september amlelantos might be a good option my lelantos has been pretty reliable i have a free sigaint but paid for the lelantos because it actually works of the time i need it to lol and i used that for a mailchuck and the mailchuck for a bitmessage ch . with the recent legislation regarding btc in ny does anyone know if the new rules apply to altcoins as well could the people of my simply by any other coin and then shapeshift it to btc . im pretty sure it only applies to businesses individuals that sell cryptocurrencies you could probably use the method you described if you were in ny which im not saying you are or rent good luck and godspeed . i m pretty sure it only applies to businesses individuals that sell cryptocurrencies you could probably use the method you described if you were in my which i m not saying you are or aren t good luck and godspeed . with the recent legislation regarding btc in ny does anyone know if the new rules apply to altcoins as well could the people of my simply by any other coin and then shapeshift it to btc . im not in ny and never will be the whole east coast is very high on my list of places to never live i do have a customer or two asking about alternative payment methods though i was just pondering options that i can point them towards im willing to accept some altcoins as long as i can convert them to something liquid i think that the concept of decentralization can not happen while the whole market hinges on a single currency edit im just trying to tap a few more intelligent minds and broaden the horizons of the many . i m not in ny and never will be the whole east coast is very high on my list of places to never live i do have a customer or two asking about alternative payment methods though i was just pondering options that i can point them towards i m willing to accept some altcoins as long as i can convert them to something liquid i think that the concept of decentralization can not happen while the whole market hinges on a single currency edit im just trying to tap a few more intelligent minds and broaden the horizons of the many . 