hi all im thinking of ordering from plata on bsm does anyone have experience with him them ive pod him them and not heard back give searched for him them on the forums here but found no info any help is appreciated . hi all im thinking of ordering from plata on bsm does anyone have experience with him them ive pod him them and not heard back give searched for him them on the forums here but found no info any help is appreciated . hi all im thinking of ordering from plata on bsm does anyone have experience with him them ive pod him them and not heard back give searched for him them on the forums here but found no info any help is appreciated . hi all im thinking of ordering from plata on bsm does anyone have experience with him them ive pod him them and not heard back give searched for him them on the forums here but found no info any help is appreciated . i have read that he says he ships from us but people who have received their orders confirmed he actually ships from canada personally a deal breaker for me . i have read that he says he ships from us but people who have received their orders confirmed he actually ships from canada personally a deal breaker for me . i have read that he says he ships from us but people who have received their orders confirmed he actually ships from canada personally a deal breaker for me . i have read that he says he ships from us but people who have received their orders confirmed he actually ships from canada personally a deal breaker for me . ye ships from canada and you have to sign for it uses hands down the best vendor anywhere complete escrow shows everytime like clockwork tracking provided through pgp best dope anywhere what more could you ask for oh did i say fast shipping once through customs to days at your house i should keep this shit to myself but word is going to get out with top notch vendor like this wide selection to choose from too done fuck it up . ye ships from canada and you have to sign for it uses hands down the best vendor anywhere complete escrow shows everytime like clockwork tracking provided through pgp best dope anywhere what more could you ask for oh did i say fast shipping once through customs to days at your house i should keep this shit to myself but word is going to get out with top notch vendor like this wide selection to choose from too done fuck it up . ye ships from canada and you have to sign for it uses hands down the best vendor anywhere complete escrow shows everytime like clockwork tracking provided through pgp best dope anywhere what more could you ask for oh did i say fast shipping once through customs to days at your house i should keep this shit to myself but word is going to get out with top notch vendor like this wide selection to choose from too done fuck it up . ye ships from canada and you have to sign for it uses hands down the best vendor anywhere complete escrow shows everytime like clockwork tracking provided through pgp best dope anywhere what more could you ask for oh did i say fast shipping once through customs to days at your house i should keep this shit to myself but word is going to get out with top notch vendor like this wide selection to choose from too done fuck it up . never never sign does everyone understand . quote from aquaman on march amnever never sign does everyone understand . never never sign does everyone understand . quote from aquaman on march amnever never sign does everyone understand . never never sign does everyone understand . quote from aquaman on march amnever never sign does everyone understand . quote from aquaman on march amnever never sign does everyone understand . never never sign does everyone understand . 