quote from dafunkfuzz on june amtmg is a public market how did you find out about it lots of reading i get your point though . like the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place . like the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place . tmg is a public market how did you find out about it . tmg is a public market how did you find out about it . quote from dafunkfuzz on june amtmg is a public market how did you find out about it lots of reading i get your point though . like the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place . tmg is a public market how did you find out about it . quote from dafunkfuzz on june amtmg is a public market how did you find out about it lots of reading i get your point though . private messages with gammagoblin and blueviking . private messages with gammagoblin and blueviking . quote from bilf on june amlike the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place we have feilds and feilds of love and sunshine . quote from bilf on june amlike the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place we have feilds and feilds of love and sunshine . private messages with gammagoblin and blueviking . quote from bilf on june amlike the subject says does tmg want its users to reflectively spread the word about this beautiful place we have feilds and feilds of love and sunshine . human life outside the garden scary . seems like there are lots of people on their forums complaining of frozen accounts and bitcoins they cant access for multiply days nowjust be cautious it seems bitcoins are being withdrawn from peoples accounts after being deposited i cut and paste this from another forum because i know most of us multiply forums and markets just be careful read a little first before you deposit your coins into one of their wallets . response from mod there we were finally able to resolve the technical difficulties we have been having these last hours the problems were planned and we didn t know how long time it would take to resolve but at least now everything is back to normal we do work on preventing issues like these they are too be very rare in the future thank you all for your support . seems like there are lots of people on their forums complaining of frozen accounts and bitcoins they cant access for multiply days nowjust be cautious it seems bitcoins are being withdrawn from peoples accounts after being deposited i cut and paste this from another forum because i know most of us multiply forums and markets just be careful read a little first before you deposit your coins into one of their wallets . human life outside the garden scary . response from mod there we were finally able to resolve the technical difficulties we have been having these last hours the problems were planned and we didnt know how long time it would take to resolve but at least now everything is back to normal we do work on preventing issues like these they are too be very rare in the future thank you all for your support . seems like there are lots of people on their forums complaining of frozen accounts and bitcoins they cant access for multiply days nowjust be cautious it seems bitcoins are being withdrawn from peoples accounts after being deposited i cut and paste this from another forum because i know most of us multiply forums and markets just be careful read a little first before you deposit your coins into one of their wallets . human life outside the garden scary . response from mod there we were finally able to resolve the technical difficulties we have been having these last hours the problems were planned and we didnt know how long time it would take to resolve but at least now everything is back to normal we do work on preventing issues like these they are too be very rare in the future thank you all for your support . quote from enigmaticsmile on june pmhummm life outside the garden scaryi agree . quote from enigmaticsmile on june pmhummm life outside the garden scaryi agree . quote from enigmaticsmile on june pmhummm life outside the garden scaryi agree . quote from dmawesome on june amprivate messages with gammagoblin and bluevikingsoo glad i messaged blue viking asking if we could avoid sr you rock bv . case in point this place isn hard to find one good thing about it though imo is that a huge fraction of the people interested in these marketplaces only care for dirty drugs and therefore would probably have no legitimate reason to want to use tmg . quote from dmawesome on june amprivate messages with gammagoblin and bluevikingsoo glad i messaged blue viking asking if we could avoid sr you rock bv . i was a long time user of sr who quit after tone s sale the vibes just turned really sour one day on a whim i somehow found the dim section of reddit which directed me to this place so i set up tor again realized tmg is a very positive place that seems primarily interested in spreading the love so i decided to give it another shot very happy so far . i was a long time user of sr who quit after tone s sale the vibes just turned really sour one day on a whim i somehow found the dim section of reddit which directed me to this place so i set up tor again realized tmg is a very positive place that seems primarily interested in spreading the love so i decided to give it another shot very happy so far . i was a long time user of sr who quit after tone s sale the vibes just turned really sour one day on a whim i somehow found the dim section of reddit which directed me to this place so i set up tor again realized tmg is a very positive place that seems primarily interested in spreading the love so i decided to give it another shot very happy so far . quote from dmawesome on june amprivate messages with gammagoblin and bluevikingsoo glad i messaged blue viking asking if we could avoid sr you rock bv . case in point this place isn t hard to find one good thing about it though imo is that a huge fraction of the people interested in these marketplaces only care for dirty drugs and therefore would probably have no legitimate reason to want to use tmg . case in point this place isn hard to find one good thing about it though imo is that a huge fraction of the people interested in these marketplaces only care for dirty drugs and therefore would probably have no legitimate reason to want to use tmg . 