. . . . those figures quoted for agora are way understand and in any case the market receiving the most daily weekly traffic would be the most popular and that for example could be the smallest market with the least endor listings because a market has most listings means nothing re popularity why dont you post independent stats for daily weekly market traffic as what you have posted does not support in any way sr being the most popular market and is misleading to anyone reading this . those figures quoted for agora are way understand and in any case the market receiving the most daily weekly traffic would be the most popular and that for example could be the smallest market with the least endor listings because a market has most listings means nothing re popularity why dont you post independent stats for daily weekly market traffic as what you have posted does not support in any way sr being the most popular market and is misleading to anyone reading this . those figures quoted for agora are way understand and in any case the market receiving the most daily weekly traffic would be the most popular and that for example could be the smallest market with the least endor listings because a market has most listings means nothing re popularity why dont you post independent stats for daily weekly market traffic as what you have posted does not support in any way sr being the most popular market and is misleading to anyone reading this . those figures quoted for agora are way understand and in any case the market receiving the most daily weekly traffic would be the most popular and that for example could be the smallest market with the least endor listings because a market has most listings means nothing re popularity why dont you post independent stats for daily weekly market traffic as what you have posted does not support in any way sr being the most popular market and is misleading to anyone reading this . the most popular market by far in terms of btc spent is agra followed by evolution agora is the place to be not s which does not even offer crow security to buyers making it too easy to get ripped off slammed on check market status by bitcoins spentagora is evolution is agra listings as at today is counterfeits data drug paraphernalia drugs electronics forgeries information jewelry other services tobacco weapons . those results are flowed their is no possible way anyone can get access to the amount of btc being spent on a market come on i can tell they are flowed as their is absolutely no way evolution is bigger than sr it wouldnt even be a third of the size agora are getting big but are down more than up . the most popular market by far in terms of btc spent is agra followed by evolution agora is the place to be not s which does not even offer crow security to buyers making it too easy to get ripped off slammed on check market status by bitcoins spentagora is evolution is agra listings as at today is counterfeits data drug paraphernalia drugs electronics forgeries information jewelry other services tobacco weapons . the most popular market by far in terms of btc spent is agra followed by evolution agora is the place to be not s which does not even offer crow security to buyers making it too easy to get ripped off slammed on check market status by bitcoins spentagora is evolution is agra listings as at today is counterfeits data drug paraphernalia drugs electronics forgeries information jewelry other services tobacco weapons . those results are flowed their is no possible way anyone can get access to the amount of btc being spent on a market come on i can tell they are flowed as their is absolutely no way evolution is bigger than sr it wouldnt even be a third of the size agora are getting big but are down more than up . those results are flowed their is no possible way anyone can get access to the amount of btc being spent on a market come on i can tell they are flowed as their is absolutely no way evolution is bigger than sr it wouldnt even be a third of the size agora are getting big but are down more than up . the most popular market by far in terms of btc spent is agra followed by evolution agora is the place to be not s which does not even offer crow security to buyers making it too easy to get ripped off slammed on check market status by bitcoins spentagora is evolution is agra listings as at today is counterfeits data drug paraphernalia drugs electronics forgeries information jewelry other services tobacco weapons . those results are flowed their is no possible way anyone can get access to the amount of btc being spent on a market come on i can tell they are flowed as their is absolutely no way evolution is bigger than sr it wouldnt even be a third of the size agora are getting big but are down more than up . thanks i see you voted already . thank you for your kind words and thanks for voting . sr for the win . yoshill you kill me man lol where is the no luck no or the never ever selection and you ripped off my ftw and a hahahaha monkey see monkey do i guess . thanks i see you voted already . sr for the win . yoshi whoever you are youre a sucking asshole this isnt a game here on the darknet peoples money is at risk peoples freedom is at risk and peoples lives are at risk you are promoting a market which attacks other markets for momentary gain doxxes people and rows people you are not a member of this community you are a treasonous asshole that is occasionally humorous but that humor is void when you are promoting the cancer that is s . thanks i see you voted already . thanks i see you voted already . thank you for your kind words and thanks for voting . yoshi whoever you are youre a sucking asshole this isnt a game here on the darknet peoples money is at risk peoples freedom is at risk and peoples lives are at risk you are promoting a market which attacks other markets for momentary gain doxxes people and rows people you are not a member of this community you are a treasonous asshole that is occasionally humorous but that humor is void when you are promoting the cancer that is s . sr for the win . yoshill you kill me man lol where is the no luck no or the never ever selection and you ripped off my ftw and a hahahaha monkey see monkey do i guess . thank you for your kind words and thanks for voting . yoshill you kill me man lol where is the no luck no or the never ever selection and you ripped off my ftw and a hahahaha monkey see monkey do i guess . sr for the win . yoshi whoever you are youre a sucking asshole this isnt a game here on the darknet peoples money is at risk peoples freedom is at risk and peoples lives are at risk you are promoting a market which attacks other markets for momentary gain doxxes people and rows people you are not a member of this community you are a treasonous asshole that is occasionally humorous but that humor is void when you are promoting the cancer that is s . yoshill you kill me man lol where is the no luck no or the never ever selection and you ripped off my ftw and a hahahaha monkey see monkey do i guess . thank you for your kind words and thanks for voting . yoshi whoever you are youre a sucking asshole this isnt a game here on the darknet peoples money is at risk peoples freedom is at risk and peoples lives are at risk you are promoting a market which attacks other markets for momentary gain doxxes people and rows people you are not a member of this community you are a treasonous asshole that is occasionally humorous but that humor is void when you are promoting the cancer that is s . . . the only votes are yoshills other shall accounts lol i never voted sr is bad sr . the only votes are yoshills other shall accounts lol i never voted sr is bad sr . . the only votes are yoshills other shall accounts lol i never voted sr is bad sr . . the only votes are yoshills other shall accounts lol i never voted sr is bad sr . 