give noticed tails makes a connection startting u to sites like clients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com do others ex erience this to does anyone know why . give noticed tails makes a connection startting u to sites like clients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com do others ex erience this to does anyone know why . give noticed tails makes a connection startting u to sites like clients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com do others ex erience this to does anyone know why . give noticed tails makes a connection startting u to sites like clients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com do others ex erience this to does anyone know why . mickeyclients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com both are related to iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp no worries about it is not a bug best regards . apologies it is the newest version of tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network is ready in the little black box in the upper right hand corner i open the network map and then iceweasel it is then i see the connections in the network map thanks for the reply . mickeyclients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com both are related to iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp no worries about it is not a bug best regards . mickeyclients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com both are related to iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp no worries about it is not a bug best regards . apologies it is the newest version of tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network is ready in the little black box in the upper right hand corner i open the network map and then iceweasel it is then i see the connections in the network map thanks for the reply . apologies it is the newest version of tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network is ready in the little black box in the upper right hand corner i open the network map and then iceweasel it is then i see the connections in the network map thanks for the reply . mickeyclients google com gtglobal ocsp geotrust com both are related to iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp no worries about it is not a bug best regards . apologies it is the newest version of tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network is ready in the little black box in the upper right hand corner i open the network map and then iceweasel it is then i see the connections in the network map thanks for the reply . silverapples thank you very much didnt even consider the addons . silverapples thank you very much didnt even consider the addons . silverapples thank you very much didnt even consider the addons . silverapples thank you very much didnt even consider the addons . onionshop puts a good point here but i think removing the internal wifi has a serious tradeoff usually the internal wifi card has a better antenna than most dongles and it is easier to run macchanger against it now i know you can use some external alfa but that wouldnt raise much more suspicion in say some nice coffee shop so good fellows this is something to consider . sometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm . such as rip out the webcam and speakers and cut the wires to the internal wifi adapter makes your could mac identified everytime you turn it on use and external alfa or something with a spoiled mac and remove the hd of course . onionshop puts a good point here but i think removing the internal wifi has a serious tradeoff usually the internal wifi card has a better antenna than most dongles and it is easier to run macchanger against it now i know you can use some external alfa but that wouldnt raise much more suspicion in say some nice coffee shop so good fellows this is something to consider . sometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm . onionshop puts a good point here but i think removing the internal wifi has a serious tradeoff usually the internal wifi card has a better antenna than most dongles and it is easier to run macchanger against it now i know you can use some external alfa but that wouldnt raise much more suspicion in say some nice coffee shop so good fellows this is something to consider . such as rip out the webcam and speakers and cut the wires to the internal wifi adapter makes your could mac identified everytime you turn it on use and external alfa or something with a spoiled mac and remove the hd of course . sometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm . such as rip out the webcam and speakers and cut the wires to the internal wifi adapter makes your could mac identified everytime you turn it on use and external alfa or something with a spoiled mac and remove the hd of course . sometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm . onionshop puts a good point here but i think removing the internal wifi has a serious tradeoff usually the internal wifi card has a better antenna than most dongles and it is easier to run macchanger against it now i know you can use some external alfa but that wouldnt raise much more suspicion in say some nice coffee shop so good fellows this is something to consider . such as rip out the webcam and speakers and cut the wires to the internal wifi adapter makes your could mac identified everytime you turn it on use and external alfa or something with a spoiled mac and remove the hd of course . webcam mic not really though i wouldnt mind taping them off macaddr i spoof on all nics both wireless wired and even tap adapters i just keep dban handy for wiping things with gutmann i use wired lan run through preferable doublevpn but at the moment vpnium in a crime friendly country moldovan dns peerblock blocking most major gov cidr blocks octo proxy chain on everything too am is also used often up disabled for obvious reasons p s dont use bridged adapter on vm . webcam mic not really though i wouldnt mind taping them off macaddr i spoof on all nics both wireless wired and even tap adapters i just keep dban handy for wiping things with gutmann i use wired lan run through preferable doublevpn but at the moment vpnium in a crime friendly country moldovan dns peerblock blocking most major gov cidr blocks octo proxy chain on everything too am is also used often up disabled for obvious reasons p s dont use bridged adapter on vm . webcam mic not really though i wouldnt mind taping them off macaddr i spoof on all nics both wireless wired and even tap adapters i just keep dban handy for wiping things with gutmann i use wired lan run through preferable doublevpn but at the moment vpnium in a crime friendly country moldovan dns peerblock blocking most major gov cidr blocks octo proxy chain on everything too am is also used often up disabled for obvious reasons p s dont use bridged adapter on vm . webcam mic not really though i wouldnt mind taping them off macaddr i spoof on all nics both wireless wired and even tap adapters i just keep dban handy for wiping things with gutmann i use wired lan run through preferable doublevpn but at the moment vpnium in a crime friendly country moldovan dns peerblock blocking most major gov cidr blocks octo proxy chain on everything too am is also used often up disabled for obvious reasons p s dont use bridged adapter on vm . quote from onionshop on september pmsometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm this is fairly true best to mix in both common sense and routines and then leave the area to work on your bombs adding extra security is always a good idea . speaking of the extra mile how about changing hostname and he aerial number . quote from onionshop on september pmsometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm this is fairly true best to mix in both common sense and routines and then leave the area to work on your bombs adding extra security is always a good idea . quote from onionshop on september pmsometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm this is fairly true best to mix in both common sense and routines and then leave the area to work on your bombs adding extra security is always a good idea . speaking of the extra mile how about changing hostname and he aerial number . quote from onionshop on september pmsometimes going the extra mile raises more suspicion than just going with the swarm this is fairly true best to mix in both common sense and routines and then leave the area to work on your bombs adding extra security is always a good idea . speaking of the extra mile how about changing hostname and he aerial number . speaking of the extra mile how about changing hostname and he aerial number . 