i just attempted to register on evolution and after completing the form i submitted it and was directed to the log in page i tried to log in with the info i just used to sign up and it essentially just related the page and cleared the fields am i having a noon moment or is there a logical reason for why this is happening thanks in advance for your help . i just attempted to register on evolution and after completing the form i submitted it and was directed to the log in page i tried to log in with the info i just used to sign up and it essentially just related the page and cleared the fields am i having a noon moment or is there a logical reason for why this is happening thanks in advance for your help . i just attempted to register on evolution and after completing the form i submitted it and was directed to the log in page i tried to log in with the info i just used to sign up and it essentially just related the page and cleared the fields am i having a noon moment or is there a logical reason for why this is happening thanks in advance for your help . i just attempted to register on evolution and after completing the form i submitted it and was directed to the log in page i tried to log in with the info i just used to sign up and it essentially just related the page and cleared the fields am i having a noon moment or is there a logical reason for why this is happening thanks in advance for your help . sounds like you just got wished mate make sure to use one of these links and tell me if you have any issues code select evo alt links . when i fill out the registration form and hit submit im redirected to the login page without any sort of notification of success then when i attempt to log in with the just created details it loads for a moment as if logging me in then the login page simply refreshes with cleared fields and no other error messages or anything i just tried on that link as well and it performed the same as the other attempts really mindfucked at the moment . i used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering . i used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering . when i fill out the registration form and hit submit im redirected to the login page without any sort of notification of success then when i attempt to log in with the just created details it loads for a moment as if logging me in then the login page simply refreshes with cleared fields and no other error messages or anything i just tried on that link as well and it performed the same as the other attempts really mindfucked at the moment . when i fill out the registration form and hit submit im redirected to the login page without any sort of notification of success then when i attempt to log in with the just created details it loads for a moment as if logging me in then the login page simply refreshes with cleared fields and no other error messages or anything i just tried on that link as well and it performed the same as the other attempts really mindfucked at the moment . sounds like you just got wished mate make sure to use one of these links and tell me if you have any issues code select evo alt links . quote from nomad on february pmi used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering what kind of error messages are you getting if any i just registered an account using the following url . i used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering . when i fill out the registration form and hit submit im redirected to the login page without any sort of notification of success then when i attempt to log in with the just created details it loads for a moment as if logging me in then the login page simply refreshes with cleared fields and no other error messages or anything i just tried on that link as well and it performed the same as the other attempts really mindfucked at the moment . i used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering . quote from nomad on february pmi used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering what kind of error messages are you getting if any i just registered an account using the following url . sounds like you just got wished mate make sure to use one of these links and tell me if you have any issues code select evo alt links . quote from nomad on february pmi used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering what kind of error messages are you getting if any i just registered an account using the following url . quote from nomad on february pmi used the direct link right here on the forums to get there though i just tried a mirror and the same thing happened perhaps i have something improperly configured on my browser thats interfering what kind of error messages are you getting if any i just registered an account using the following url . sounds like you just got wished mate make sure to use one of these links and tell me if you have any issues code select evo alt links . no no im using the tor browser on a computer has no one had similar problems in the past . youre not using a mobile device are you . youre not using a mobile device are you . no no im using the tor browser on a computer has no one had similar problems in the past . youre not using a mobile device are you . youre not using a mobile device are you . no no im using the tor browser on a computer has no one had similar problems in the past . no no im using the tor browser on a computer has no one had similar problems in the past . topic closed solution foundturns out the problem laid within the configuration of tor give fixed it now and registration was successful thanks for the help everyone much appreciation . topic closed solution foundturns out the problem laid within the configuration of tor give fixed it now and registration was successful thanks for the help everyone much appreciation . topic closed solution foundturns out the problem laid within the configuration of tor give fixed it now and registration was successful thanks for the help everyone much appreciation . topic closed solution foundturns out the problem laid within the configuration of tor give fixed it now and registration was successful thanks for the help everyone much appreciation . 