edit magicke is now in the garden by himself see the nd post . edit magicke is now in the garden by himself see the nd post . edit magicke is now in the garden by himself see the nd post . edit magicke is now in the garden by himself see the nd post . current selling g oz p cubensis powder netherlands worldwideagora love avengers we love avengers love avengers affiliate pip off middleearth grams profile prefer agora . current selling g oz p cubensis powder netherlands worldwideagora market alphabet grams profile prefer agora . current selling g oz p cubensis powder netherlands worldwideagora market alphabet grams profile prefer agora . current selling g oz p cubensis powder netherlands worldwideagora market alphabet grams profile prefer agora . welcome to the majestic garden magicted my original post now refers to your own post so you can edit the info as you wish . welcome to the majestic garden magicted my original post now refers to your own post so you can edit the info as you wish . welcome to the majestic garden magicted my original post now refers to your own post so you can edit the info as you wish . welcome to the majestic garden magicted my original post now refers to your own post so you can edit the info as you wish . i can t attach images to my posts the error message is can not access attachments unload path probably just too destructive file permissions on the server . i cant attach images to my posts the error message is can not access attachments unload path probably just too destructive file permissions on the server . i cant attach images to my posts the error message is can not access attachments unload path probably just too destructive file permissions on the server . i can t attach images to my posts the error message is can not access attachments unload path probably just too destructive file permissions on the server . i cant attach images to my posts the error message is can not access attachments unload path probably just too destructive file permissions on the server . my avatar disappeared when i tried to reupload it i got the following message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved . my avatar disappeared when i tried to reupload it i got the following message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved . my avatar disappeared when i tried to reupload it i got the following message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved . my avatar disappeared when i tried to reupload it i got the following message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved . my avatar disappeared when i tried to reupload it i got the following message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved . tried to make a post with pics but cant upload the pics same can not access attachments unload path error that others report . tried to make a post with pics but can t upload the pics same can not access attachments unload path error that others report . tried to make a post with pics but cant upload the pics same can not access attachments unload path error that others report . tried to make a post with pics but can t upload the pics same can not access attachments unload path error that others report . tried to make a post with pics but cant upload the pics same can not access attachments unload path error that others report . september bump when trying to re unload my original avatar which disappeared from my profile i get the message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved anyone know why i m not expecting a solution my experience with market forums is that they usually deteriorate but it would be good to get an acknowledgement of the problem from staff if only to confirm that they still read the support forum . september bump when trying to re unload my original avatar which disappeared from my profile i get the message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved anyone know why in not expecting a solution my experience with market forums is that they usually deteriorate but it would be good to get an acknowledgement of the problem from staff if only to confirm that they still read the support forum . september bump when trying to re unload my original avatar which disappeared from my profile i get the message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved anyone know why in not expecting a solution my experience with market forums is that they usually deteriorate but it would be good to get an acknowledgement of the problem from staff if only to confirm that they still read the support forum . september bump when trying to re unload my original avatar which disappeared from my profile i get the message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved anyone know why in not expecting a solution my experience with market forums is that they usually deteriorate but it would be good to get an acknowledgement of the problem from staff if only to confirm that they still read the support forum . september bump when trying to re unload my original avatar which disappeared from my profile i get the message the attachments unload directory is not suitable your attachment or avatar can not be saved anyone know why i m not expecting a solution my experience with market forums is that they usually deteriorate but it would be good to get an acknowledgement of the problem from staff if only to confirm that they still read the support forum . definitely still a problem most users dont have their avatars anymore and the attachment option is still not working i will look into it and see if something can get worked out . definitely still a problem most users dont have their avatars anymore and the attachment option is still not working i will look into it and see if something can get worked out . definitely still a problem most users dont have their avatars anymore and the attachment option is still not working i will look into it and see if something can get worked out . definitely still a problem most users don t have their avatars anymore and the attachment option is still not working i will look into it and see if something can get worked out . definitely still a problem most users don t have their avatars anymore and the attachment option is still not working i will look into it and see if something can get worked out . quote from bruce on september ami will look into it and see if something can get worked out thanks bruce . quote from bruce on september ami will look into it and see if something can get worked out thanks bruce . quote from bruce on september ami will look into it and see if something can get worked out thanks bruce . quote from bruce on september ami will look into it and see if something can get worked out thanks bruce . quote from bruce on september ami will look into it and see if something can get worked out thanks bruce . quote from knuckles on december pmi would do something besides maps they have think over million in the bank so lets help otu smaller organizations good point so maps is out of the game suggestions welcome possible candidates thus far erowidtor projectgnupgwe can support the technology that makes all this possible . i would do something besides maps they have think over million in the bank so lets help otu smaller organizations . will the vendors donate stuff like free lucy and what not and then people buy tickets and winners would win the free stuff from vendors . how about we organize a lottery to benefit crowd erowid has served the world with its vast database of drug facts for many years for free theyre not exactly swimming in bitin donations we could donate to maps the multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies has a public bitcoin address thus everyone can easily verify that the proceeds arrive intact as it was suggested by slowmike our donation will come with a plea for a tor hidden service so we can access erowid anonymously what do you think . quote from betax on december pmwill the vendors donate stuff like free lucy and what not and then people buy tickets and winners would win the free stuff from vendors yes very much like the last lottery where the proceeds went to the majestic garden itself proceeds from the tickets then go to erowid tor gnupg or whatever we choose and we get to have fun it would be transparent we post a btc address for the tickets and forward everything to the recipients everyone can verify it on the blockchain . would donate lsd for this cause doesnt matter if it will be donate to erowid or used to keep tmg running both worth it in my opinion love peace harmony smoothtrip . im in . great idea i always felt they should have a tor address its too risk at present to access erowid on you home pc in the usa for obvious reasons . quote from slowmike on january pmgreat idea i always felt they should have a tor address its too risk at present to access erowid on you home pc in the usa for obvious reasonsthat is a message that could be delivered with our donation an onion hidden service would be an excellent addition to erowid now the question is who organizes the lottery in theory it could be any trusted member but lets wait for a tmg moderator to comment if tug themselves dont have the time we can elect a trustworthy member to do it i would volunteer but i doubt in get the necessary trust as just another joe user . i would definitely buy tickets . im up for this erowid deserves some love . quote from mushbud on january pmis this going to happen im willing to donate a g pack of shrooms as a sign of appreciation for tmg erowid for your contribution man it should definitely happen i still hope for a tmg moderator to help us out here hello mods please respond if theyre too busy we have to take into our own hands for the number drawing we can use an external unpredictable source such as actual lottery numbers fairness guaranteed . is this going to happen im willing to donate a g pack of shrooms as a sign of appreciation for tmg erowid . i found the only fair lottery there is is by whom is running it but i like your thinking . proposal for a fair drawingthe drawing should be verifiably fair we need an outside source of unpredictable random numbers number source is implementing a source of public randomness the service at uses two independent commercial available sources of randomness each with an independent hardware entropy source and sp approved components the beacon is designed to provide unpredictability autonomy and consistency unpredictability means that users can not algorithmically predict bits before they are made available by the source autonomy means that the source is resistance to attempts by outside parties to alter the distribution of the random bits consistency means that a set of users can access the source in such a way that they are confident they all receive the same random string their service is not unlike blockchain technology every minute a bit random number is generated and digitally signed drawingthe number of sold tickets must be n n suppose we sell t tickets and there are w prizes pick an exact time in advance our example drawing occurs at tithe number for this timestamp is available at the random number is d a f c b eae c bed c d a er da c b c d d e d f bdd c c c ebb dbaf d a d b cor in binary each ticket number can be ended with bits to find the winning ticket numbers for the prizes we take the first x bits from the random number the winning numbers would be this system is probably not the easiest solution but its probably fair in theory it could be changed to work with arbitrary numbers of tickets but its easier with tickets . i wonder why this never got fixed i never had issues before unloading images but i also havent attempted to do it in well over a year . its a risk to security creates a larger attack surfacebut there could be other reasons but this is the that i can think of . i found this thread after searching the error that was thrown your attachment or avatar can not be saved the problem is ongoing . i wonder why this never got fixed i never had issues before unloading images but i also havent attempted to do it in well over a year . i found this thread after searching the error that was thrown your attachment or avatar can not be saved the problem is ongoing . its a risk to security creates a larger attack surfacebut there could be other reasons but this is the that i can think of . 