nevermind i figured out what it does . try looking at this page it may have some explanation the page is not in english so i can not tell you what it says . nevermind i figured out what it does . nevermind i figured out what it does . try looking at this page it may have some explanation the page is not in english so i can not tell you what it says . try looking at this page it may have some explanation the page is not in english so i can not tell you what it says . try looking at this page it may have some explanation the page is not in english so i can not tell you what it says . nevermind i figured out what it does . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . ok so blockchain says i got in btc thank you whoever was kind enough to send me so btc but it isnt appearing in my wallet tfogx zzszzcwwaxfb gaphkt fnu p it is the top transaction or transaction number a d d a f cc e b f e d a dddif you can figure out wtf the issue it i would be truly dreadful . just wait dude it will appear in your wallet eventually some other advice take some time to absorb information rather than asking insane questions all the time read a little bit become more competent please read a few guides on bitin security and the darknet in general . 