wow that is pretty cool so your saying this will also be another i p or freenet that should be very interesting i must say thank you for the heads up my friend ill stay tuned . quote from boogie on may pmwhats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind nothing to compare yet last thing i heard was that it will go more public around the autumn so a while off yet just curious about how popular it may be with the incentive to be part of a decentralized network that has tons of applications like decentralized dark markets or email providers or twitter clones a lot of people may become part of it and farm safecoins at the same time in other words theres more to it than just cryptocurrency and that could actually make the cryptocurrency side of it more popular . the financial motivation for being part of the decentralized maidsafe network give the network your bandwidth cpu and storage capacity safecoins . quote from boogie on may pmwhats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind nothing to compare yet last thing i heard was that it will go more public around the autumn so a while off yet just curious about how popular it may be with the incentive to be part of a decentralized network that has tons of applications like decentralized dark markets or email providers or twitter clones a lot of people may become part of it and farm safecoins at the same time in other words theres more to it than just cryptocurrency and that could actually make the cryptocurrency side of it more popular . whats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind . wow that is pretty cool so your saying this will also be another i p or freenet that should be very interesting i must say thank you for the heads up my friend ill stay tuned . whats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind . quote from boogie on may pmwhats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind nothing to compare yet last thing i heard was that it will go more public around the autumn so a while off yet just curious about how popular it may be with the incentive to be part of a decentralized network that has tons of applications like decentralized dark markets or email providers or twitter clones a lot of people may become part of it and farm safecoins at the same time in other words theres more to it than just cryptocurrency and that could actually make the cryptocurrency side of it more popular . the financial motivation for being part of the decentralized maidsafe network give the network your bandwidth cpu and storage capacity safecoins . wow that is pretty cool so your saying this will also be another i p or freenet that should be very interesting i must say thank you for the heads up my friend ill stay tuned . whats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind . the financial motivation for being part of the decentralized maidsafe network give the network your bandwidth cpu and storage capacity safecoins . wow that is pretty cool so your saying this will also be another i p or freenet that should be very interesting i must say thank you for the heads up my friend ill stay tuned . whats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind . quote from boogie on may pmwhats the value of the coin compared to btc in curious to see if there are exchanges not that im really interested in investing into safecoin but to well never mind nothing to compare yet last thing i heard was that it will go more public around the autumn so a while off yet just curious about how popular it may be with the incentive to be part of a decentralized network that has tons of applications like decentralized dark markets or email providers or twitter clones a lot of people may become part of it and farm safecoins at the same time in other words theres more to it than just cryptocurrency and that could actually make the cryptocurrency side of it more popular . the financial motivation for being part of the decentralized maidsafe network give the network your bandwidth cpu and storage capacity safecoins . 